Hi, I'm good. How was your weekend? Pretty good. I went to Norway to come. So have you heard from Sioux City of North nice to have a friend he's doing his harassment size there. So I decided to visit him really cold. It is. Actually very very called and there's not a lot to do there. So it's a relatively small City really expensive. So for a decent meal and a beer you'll pay something like 25 years, which is well, you know for students that, you know, what's dark most of the time but anyway,
It's supposed to be the smelliest food in the world.
 No, I don't remember the name in Scandinavian this like a herring so I can fish fermented salt which is supposed to be thing that I mean it smells thing in the world even some YouTube videos of reaction videos and how people react to that smell and taste and he told me that actually even if it smells that it doesn't taste so bad. I guess if you want to try it now, it's like okay. I mean we made it back. Okay. Try it thing is I don't like fish in general. So all of these things like tuna and stuff, you know, it's kind of I don't like it. So what kind of a double challenge for me? Cuz I'm already disgusted by this fishy thing, but I was just going to the supermarket and I was really all the time thinking. Oh my God, it's going to taste so bad. I can't say no. Don't worry. I mean to test her if it does smell is terrible that doesn't taste of that. All right, so just
 I'm back from the supermarket. So you're not supposed to eat this indoors because it smells so bad are so strong that they tell you this you should you know consume these Outdoors on a nicer house is going to stink for 4 days or weeks. Whatever.
 I was really suffering cuz I have a similar experience in China when I went to the gym last year. We have to be smelly tuffle. I heard Smiley talk. Was just you know a piece of Tahoe Beach stealth turbo and I couldn't eat it actually just had a bite and I was feeling kind of sick cuz I feel good. So I was really scared about this thing. So anyway. So we went outside a house to park behind this place. And yeah, it was a moment where we have to do in yo, so work side-by-side with you scan. And as soon as they open the can and it's like, you know, the first wave fish is male just hit my face like a bomb testing just like that smiley but not so much but you could see is it on you smell. So the thing is this word kind of slices of raw fish inside using a kind of oil and jello.
 Tune up things like really disgusting thing. I've done this for me. So well, then I open the cabinet it took me like a couple of minutes to cannot be able to really stand that that smell and then I will you know, now I have tried to get that come on just do it. You'll see it's not so disgusting as you think so, I know just took one of slice and also the texture was ghetto juice gooey sticky, but just like, you know, and I'll look back to him and she was actually but I think that but he was literally crying Tears for Fears. I didn't want to say no. So yeah, so I chose, you know, it's okay. I'll take it like a medicine. I just got off.
 Wow was so intense I try. I mean for this thing to the floor it was horrible. It was you know, these fishing this gas thing things time. I like rotten they were African thing. I couldn't make it my friend. Actually. He was still crying and he just have some more bites and well, you know she won the bet.
 But it took some time to just go back to normal. This thing was incredibly smelly and I have the smell in my hands. I think it also psychological thing for 4 days.
 Tell my holiday to in Norway was nice, but that's the thing that I will unfortunately no forget so easy.
