Hey, how was your weekend? Yeah, I wasn't right I travel I was just my friend. He's living in Norway Tromso in the north of have you ever be there at some really cold place in Audis difficult Scandinavian City there. So I just went there for a weekend and have some fun but read a lot to do except for casino going to some natural parks and everything. They're so expensive actually wanted to have some dinner and beer and that's like wow around 30. But anyway was sweet nice and then he told me about these really smelly food. They handle this kind of fermented fish with salt, you know, it's supposed to be the smelliest food in the world. I ever heard of that.
So yeah, what why don't we try and I was honestly the most disgusting. You know that smell bad taste but I mean I was like, yeah, we have to finish it. I was like, okay. So once the supermarket we got it kind of just, you know, you're not supposed to eat these in doors inside your home cuz I'll forever so you have to go.
Somewhere else. So it was just went to these small part of clothes if you place it was cold. So, you know this smell that's good cuz you know the hardware for one there.
 Oh, yeah. So the thing is I don't like fish in general even been not so smelly one. So I already have a lot of
 and I need a lot of psychological preparation say okay. I'm about to be at discount raw smelly fish that I know will smell a lot. But anyway, I just did and as soon as I opened this can I was like wow, it's really
 Was that only this email also the look, you know, when you saw what I saw that fish with that Oilers like out and I saw his face he was lying to me. Of course. I kind of knew it from the beginning.
 But yeah, but I wanted to win the bet so, you know what the moment of truth and which I have to really take that thing out of the can and put it in my mouth such a disgusting. And I mean the first try by Coons should like, you know, I just want that place is like, oh my God so bad, so I have to and how
 It's probably the most disgusting taste. I ever tried soda full sing like the smell The Taste the texture of these things such as mosquito bites. And that was it. I just left it there. My friend was just trying to finish it, but she couldn't she was really like crying saying I want I want the bed yet you want but and I was just gassing experience, but I'm sure I'm going to remember that forever.
