I'm fine. How's your weekend? My weekend was good. It was fine. I went to Norway. Have you heard of it up north decided to go there. It's really expensive there by the way, so just to have some decent meal in a beer and all your pain around 25 years or so. We just got a lot, you know, enjoy the the good weather. It called kind of dark all the time. I don't even some interesting people at some point. I'm a word with some of his friends and Sam.
How do you prepare of these really really smelly fish thing which is supposed to be. I forgot you were talking about it and my friend is like how you haven't tried it. So yeah, so you really like fish in general like whatever specie like to know someone's going to come but it's like okay, which is made a bet and VAV is that
We have a drink tonight. So we went to the supermarket and we just got it smells really powerful and strong but the taste is not so bad. You're not supposed to be staying indoors sweetest Melody. They advise you to be outdoors somewhere in the nature. Cuz your house your house can sync for sale what day it is? Yeah, I would just went to kind of park behind his place, you know.
Smell good, but my dad went to the park and I was really hoping, you know taste so bad cuz I had a really bad experience in Beijing in China when I try to smelly tuffle tell you I was like, okay, you know, maybe it's better than that. So yeah, so start opening the can and you know, I opened
Smelly wave. Okay face an amazing experience and I told her I hate fish. So for me was you know that will challenge just to stand this thing which is kind of raw and some disgusting. So yeah, but now what's the time to taste it kind of water and Jello, you know this thing mixture of whatever substance.
Because of the strong smell and then again is like this should not be animal ends. Yeah, but you know, it was impossible to get used to this mail so we should be okay. So the bed was on the first of my mouth and I couldn't there's like all day then I look at my friend. He was like chewing it but kind of crying like his medicine you don't just like hardcore without trying to
Is there such as you know, but I just spit it was too strong. It was just really so strong. And then I look at my friend. He was like biting ass not so bad.
 Yeah, I was really really disgusting and I didn't think like I don't think there's anybody who really likes to have but that's probably the one of the memories I will never forget about.
