I think we we we we we before we already contracted.
 And when I can do this we can try to get more into kind of horse was really getting to music listen to all the music. I was asleep. I really wanted to kind of be cool and play a musical instrument like it into something with music.
 So I kind of pissed at my parents for it, but they didn't really like they treated it more is a kind of effect of fantasies. We didn't really care that was interesting music essentially. Like I just said to do whatever you're out for a big night guitar or anything, so
 It was unfortunate, but the music by the way.
 Tell me what kind of music do you think she committed to them? They would send me till I can music or ended High School kinda as long as the high school had kind of additional like math since I'm happy about that. That was Tesco music. I was mostly because of the teacher and I'm pretty sure she was some kind of evil demon in the shape of a human being or something. She was pretty awful as a human being she was mean and judgmental and spiteful to teach children.
 Made my life. Hell. I just need some friends and actually think about the good guy was kind of a theory and I was really stressing out before all this happened. I was worried about giving a presentation. I can understand introverts. Then you have to put into this kind of heavy and the teacher sent you the game.
 Wow, she really exist on the pillows and stuff. But then she just kind of shredded my presentation. She said this was wrong. He was a quiet about this. Why didn't you do this better and I couldn't handle this kind of I just kind of broke down. I went home to my parents crying if I can look like home to be here. I need to take the schools. But this one teacher likely come get with her. Eventually. I could too much. We talked to the school and the school.
 deal with assumptions of what we did to receive a strange like a transfer back over to it like a normal high school, but should have all the courses with the music was there so I could at least finish and graduate with a degree kind of
 So I did that Mexican missionary should have contact with these baby my friends. I've met their kind of.
 What does happen there was a strong when we went to college kinds of I think she messed up with these guys again, cuz I'd also graduated from the school finishing Avenged and they went to this one is it was great to see them guys and see them again for so long and they they were sitting playing in the band the kinds of so disgusting thing is I don't celebrate Michael's greatest grandson.
