So we meet again. Have a good week.
 dancing by Myself
 Yeah, it's actually a big fan of Music. How did you like music lineup stuff kind of sounds like my parents are kind of stuff and time does I told her I wanted to get this guitar and stuff today and they said it was just a phase and we'll go over it. Even we're going to choose like I kind of high school music release of a subject's kind of
 I've been she was having kind of a century did the only problem I had really was with the classical Theory talk like music theory was like living like a big part of that. I'm so I had a little trouble with that cuz I was pretty sure where she was a demon in the shape of a person. Can you just an awful human being I know she was really bad. I didn't make sense because of that though because what happened was that I meant for other guys who had the most hated great that
 Yeah is that went on I was like really enjoying like learning how to play music musical theaters close during of the courses. And yes what I kept going on and eventually at some point in time. What happened was that we had to give this presentation in Casco musical Theory and I was like I was pissed and I was sad because like I was so scared of the D train when she would take it. She was always can judge me text Torin to my work I gave out. What was wrong. Why did you say this? You need to speak up more than two. Well and like a criticism was really like harsh and mean it was really like
 Irish couldn't I couldn't going to wear that counts go to school where I have to be was t-shirts with each person cuz we talked to the school about the teacher before in like really they they said that they said we couldn't do anything about it.
 So we basically just eventually I had to just kind of because like we couldn't stay there. I needed that cost of pulse what happened was because of the school. She had some courses with the main school. I could swap over to the main School kind of and continue my education there and that the time goes on. I'm kind if I go to college and learn the whole lot of people that I meet these kind of form people. I was friends during the School of Music which would benefit them off to him again, but the problem is I haven't played anything serious with music.
 Kind of oil where they went wrong bass guitar guitar. Like when we pray for me. I felt so pretty and so happy. It is really a great experience, which is the bad happens.
