Okay, great. We were we before we were interrupted.
 Pray, just woke up the shit last. I was a bit down in the dumps kind of it didn't I just kind of way to distract myself in some music music music. I just posted but I just
 Musical rent in high school kind of once I graduated from Middle School Los Angeles area Century. They allowed me to go to the ER with music. If I could also come in at 10, like normal Realty houses that I really enjoyed classical music theory and the problem with this course was I really I'm pretty sure the teacher was like a kind of demon in the shape of a human kind of thing. She was pretty open as she used to be jealous students in the ear and stuff. It was pretty bad.
 I actually met a couple people like me and some of us didn't reply was nice and she bonded with these four guys come over just hating this particular teacher because she was just touching base. Yeah, and I continue on for about a year. I went to the school and I really enjoyed myself and also one year essentially we had to give this presentation on classical music theory in front of being tired. I was very nervous because I was still very shy and the Shia kind of as opposed to that point. I'm just having to present in front of the inside and then the fact that I was just terrified. It's been a long time like practicing in preparing for this neighborhood is not kind of I was on that played on the radio control.
 And once I was done the teacher really like laid into my everything that is wrong. Why did you say this in this? Why did you do this? And I was really like for this kind of those are very fragile person. So actually I think I like smoking School of times you can do anything about it. But like the school said they basically that she done a bunch of bored you can get rid of his or his best to stay and I can just deal with her anymore because like it was a mandatory Court short time to live for Note 3 years we discussed and we decide to send me to like this musical high school so I could transfer over to the high school and my parents.
 It was a shame. I couldn't finish the musical school. Then you actually meet up with one of the guys. I went to the musical school when I went to one of the guys McCoy or today. How you doing? And we talked a bit still playing in this band practice Wednesday. We arranged to have a bit of a concert for Cloud 9 was a great experience.
 That's how I kind of keep in touch with him.
