How's your weekend was nice to spend most of the time at home relaxing myself.
 Who said when you think you would you say that you're an introvert? I would say so yeah, cuz I said I'm also pretty introverted. Obviously. I was younger that was a big thing. I take me to games on my own until I made you.
 1112 I think when I moved and didn't tell me quite a while to find a new friend to one of the first ones. I found was actually a girl from class like this middle lower Middle School. I'm at this girl's hair and she was really fast. It's going very kind of Brave very independent and responsible of times and give the Alot Like to help me live my life.
 Deer Processing phone to his way to keep all the wood for like making Furniture. So they had to be yard where they had all these wooden planks and stuff. So what we would do is when she would sneak in and we would kind of takes blank. Thanks, we would use these two bills. I can add an extra seat when we would add like a trunk and then we would add spoilers to make it grow faster with something out of a cast members of top of the hill, right? So I had this big sloping Hill next to my house and it was asphalt it. So it might be good for Speed 2 actually is actually enjoy myself quite a lot. So it is with that involves down kind of this year.
 Push me away, but I was still stuck in the go-kart. I lost a lot of skin. There was a lot of blood kind of I was screaming and crying she was screaming and crying like I was like paralyzed couldn't do anything like that. So she had to run off some fish. My dad likes come and save me from myself. Yeah. It was pretty aggressive team. That was very very stupid.
 Very quiet after 6 months, I think and then she let me know that her dad is going to drop in Asia and her family would be moving. So it's like I was very worried about this kind of friend. Like I like your best friend and she became kind of the when she did move over there. I tried to call and it didn't work too. Well kind of weather we get in touch with each other. So just kind of disappeared in which was when you were younger.
 So that would be kind of years before I heard from her again. What kind of I think it was about 5 years and then when she could come to me on Facebook like Thumb in the palace kinda like how we were is Tebow. How will we wear in life not like what we were doing?
 Optician Richie change the lock. Can I get title to change the locks were just kind of like change. When you're a kid ride a friend's nephew becoming different post make it different Hull peas and stuff. So she would like the conversation is going to give the messages to finish work and we didn't really talk that much. I just stopped working and I haven't really talked to her since which is
 Ashamed I guess that's good.
