Okay. So how you doing today? Nice to like traveling?
 I've been trying for. That's why I like traveling a lot of experience but a couple of weeks back. I was traveling to process. Normally I would take the train because it's not that far but I found this could be land on this website so I could take a flight for really cheap. I wish I didn't realize there was an evening flight. I mean if I can find but this was something you know, like the like the last flight of the day or something. So I went to the airport couple of hours early in the morning time as normally do with the storm evening kind of like raining and really dark as I reach the airport. I see this long queue for checking. Apparently the most of the flights were delayed that day and the the airport was full of people. It was really so crowded. So it took me a long time for the second to happen, even though at least like to
 How is before the time so I could barely manage to get to the boarding before they close the boarding like 10 minutes before they close to voting. That's why I went in for the board. They don't have this bridge to the flight that you have to take the bus to the flight. It was that and I hate that actually just go to the bridge, but we took the bus and when we reach the plane, we I see that it's not a big penis to small 70c propeller plane plans because I like this.
 20 baby what kind of like the fight was getting late? So you're forced to just bored as quickly as possible sit down because they wanted to prepare everything and leaving time and as it turns out that I'm actually was there for the flight to start that was an Austrian saying that the air traffic controllers told us not to fly from now because when their flights before the spell eight and a star means on his bed of Lies, we've been told not to fly at that particular time. So we said if you have to wait after yeah, but that what you would be forcing us to sit down now and now you're telling us that we have to wait for sometimes it could have been lied to us at that time because they were just move and you know, they don't even switch on the air conditioning while the flight is not started countries properly. It's really hot inside and outside is fine.
 I'm so sorry, but it's really hot and really really packed inside and I get really claustrophobic and I do like those places. That's a really small plant playing and we will move after 1 hour. They started to take off and it's not even the smoothest take off. It will take a lot of turbulence. And as soon as we receive the closing flight, you know, I would normally take off my seatbelt because well I want to move out I want to go to the restroom or something and they didn't turn off the seatbelt to keep the seat belt even sister in law school laboratory because they said there's a lot of moving from left to right. It was just so much trouble and it was just it was the weirdest thing. I've never experienced before Bobby. The storm was too bad, but it shouldn't be that bad. That's why I don't like small plane.
 Turns out after a few minutes we felt I felt like the plane was having a free fall or something. You know it sometimes the SS makes it 400 feet or something and I feel so sick family room light switch on and off completely and everybody was panicking because we going guys going to crash or something because I mean it was just weird little stormy outside we could see the the lightning and the Flash is coming in the bathroom cuz my sister is really scary like a horror movie or something sometime compiti falling for 2 seconds and send me the oxygen masks game now and that's what I thought. This is this is the end of my life. Nothing is going to work for now talk Cinemas went down and I have never experienced this before never in my flight experience. I've had this way you have to wear the oxygen mask.
 And because of the fall leaves Peak I couldn't breathe because I was feeling so weird for me to be claustrophobic. And as far as down I felt really hard and I was struggling with the rocks in Mass. I can put it on to the guy sitting next to me. Help me a clipboard on so I can receive it. After that but it was like scary and how do I thought I would be even before the flight for the five crashes if it does.
 Somehow after a few seconds few minutes of couple of minutes the flight kind of stabilize that falling feeling start for some time and it felt like the typos again gaining altitude at the lights came on again, and they also says that we will have to stay and that's why this happened she told us to keep the oxygen mask for some time before we needs to go. And then we could take it off. It was just beat it was the most awful thing that I had experience probably do was when we were eating a destination to fly kind of stabilized and we were told to remove oxygen are you allowed to go to the Laboratories in empty was panicking and shaking used compact small plane with such a thing happening in a movement. It was even the landing The Landing we bump twice before we actually stabilized everything that was going wrong in that flight and I was so scared of flies.
 Software that I cancel my flight back. I took the train even though it took me like 4 times more time, but I I couldn't deal with the whole thing again, and I'm pretty sure I will never fly at ease into smaller planes again. I'll check before work playing it is what how many people does it have what time probably take a day planner something and not flying the night.
 Yeah, bunny scared me for life from the small propeller planes. I don't know how people could do that. I'm sure it doesn't happen every time but now I'm really scared to even go on a plane.
