this weekend
 Best of 2017 introvert so I was kind of I enjoyed spending a little time. I spent a little time on my own and I actually enjoyed it even though I was like being on my own kind of just kind of relaxing for me and I was like that for quite a long time when I was 12. I think I move to Sweden. How did you find moving to Sweden? Then? You'll actually pulled up myself and cry and I was so scared of moving.
 The new kids language eventually start school in school elementary school and then I miss my fist in Swedish friend. Who was this one girl. She was really that is interesting. She was very like outgoing independent and very happy with cheerful the real Ike little time with this girl. Actually we used to what should have to like maybe Saturday Saturday morning cartoons. Can we want to see what you do the cartoons together invite tell video games and stuff and it was great fun kind of stuff kind of like out in the world. We did this one thing where we
 Do you know who like their these number processing plants? Will they kind of people to plants when they make them in the furniture and kind of sneak off the ceiling planks? That's what I call them within uses them with them. So we would like some wheels on his kind of Limitless next receipt to net Sandra play. We put trunk on his neck spoilers and Stephanie could fall through something like we had this big slug text to my house and take this.
 Open it was in so much pain that we would like to ride down the hill. What kind of this was not the best idea is it wasn't even crazy split into it in that way because there was one time when I ask you look pretty badly hurt. Those things are like anyone else just let it roll down what happened this time. I was sitting in the car and then my friend is she was too damn high and which is what she was and she just give you give me a really like I was going down and then it kind of like squares and I flipped over kind of brace with the right side of my body on the way down and I really like
 And she was like panicking and she screamed children often get my dad can because I was just lying there the bloody stream.
 Pretty bad, but you got the stupid things as a kids thing as a kid. So pretty like resilient there any cultural Miss Jackson like red stuff like that kind of it was at least a couple of months, but actually just a while then she actually told me that her dad has gotten a job in Asia and she would be moving away kind of guy was pretty shaken up and now she was moving away, and I was very scared of this kind of and I was very
 Sad and almost afraid of being very lonely again being around. Mr. Brown. I'm going to send you something and I tried to call her after she moved up. This is Sara Lee actually she did contact me a couple of years later via Facebook. So we chatted for a while and I did like she realize after a while that she had changed quite to go to the person. I guess you changed. I just wish you and your kid to change very quickly and like moving and you grow up kind of and I was like, it's been 5 years. I was seventeen at this point.
 7 she said we change quite a lot of people since then eventually the conversation started out to be a good memories. It stopped working and then I didn't hear from you since bed.
