Hello, how you doing? Fine. Do you like traveling? Yeah, yeah as well. Yeah. I mean, I know that it's really nice. Enjoy Also the driving time to reach in the same opinion, but I'm scared of airplane travel actually and most of it because well, you know Back Where I Come From like the really small airports. It doesn't have a huge games going to have these really small planes and I don't like to spend anymore but some noise the airplane and I took this cheap flight I found on the liner's last minute deals or something. And this was like the Night Flight or something like the last flight of the day of like 9:30 p.m. Or 10 p.m. In the night.
Cheap metal trellis 1 hour shouldn't be that much of a problem there for a couple of hours before the boarding time. It was like a rainy night like regular raining windy head of an evening. And when I reach the airport, I see well it's jam-packed do people in Brazil Hughes Q4 check-in apparently all the flights before mine were delayed because of the weather in so they would be so many people at the Airport check-in line to security Q everything was completely full and there's so many people that somehow I barely managed to beat the boarding gate in in time so that I could vote before they close it even though at least 2 hours before I could before I had to do this, but the whole Rush was just too much for me to management and Aditya boarding do not too happy to let me in because I was just on time and beat me with late, but they allowed me to board.
You know what? Some of these flights don't have these bridge to the to the flight and have to go down and take the bus to the flight. I don't like that thing. It's like putting sheep. And in a button is letting them go. So you didn't pay enough to go the right to their play exactly what I used to do the plane and then I see this is the small plane with this propeller blades people like they will be trued V3 sat down.
And traffic controllers told us that they can fly right now and we have to wait for some time.
 We were stuck at the tarmac one hour waiting for the flight to take off and at that time, you know, if they don't even switch on the air conditioning it's crammed and it's like it's really annoying and me and claustrophobic. I'm getting like really annoying and scared that point. I might just to 9 for me.
 Anyways after when I will go to the runway and we take off I'm going to take off his with shaky. I mean, there's too much when the weather is just too bad for for the flight and the propeller blades are not dead. They're not even strong. Know that better take a lot and the plane left to right and they didn't switch off the seatbelt sign 11 trees were not allowed to be used you can go because we're taking that much and we could see the flashes of light coming in as like a scene from a horror movie or something or in the flight and Sunday. There's no light and you seen his flashes of lightning.
 Liberty was scared because well it was moving too much and there's no light. No, certainly the emergency lights are on formation to you and everything but he was too scared now. Oh, yeah, but I feel this for like not just for one second but like 20 30 seconds of this fall down and I was scared. I was scared as hell. I was already ready scared because there's too many people in the small place and and propeller blades with that sound and in the plane then Falls and all my it's like all my nightmares are coming through now then if you're going to die or something within one is screaming like people
 The worst happens to oxygen masks fall down never happened to me before that you think about when they're telling this doing this then take off that would help you but you never going to happen at least phone off and I don't have any experience working with the oxygen mask. So I'm struggling with it for the guy sitting next to me as we help me put my mask on so I can breathe probably means I'll be still feel that the plane is falling and is going up and then falling again then going up in Falling again. It's like everybody scared now, you know kids are crying on the plane because they can't take this situation. This goes on for next 15-20 minutes with the masks on the flight goes our fight was down and after 20 minutes away 10 to stabilize probably be cleared area from from the bad weather with each to closer to our destination.
 And we start The Descent review turn off. The light came on again. It was a bit which stabilized people are we go to level 3, so it kind of became normal and then he landed even the land Landing was bumpy. We jumped onto the rent Runway twice before we actually landed.
 Worst Halloween experience of my life flying already scared while I'm flying and this was like all my nightmares coming through I cancel my flight on the way back. I took the other took like three times the more time but I was I feel much safer. I think from now on I'll be really scared traveling but I'm booking a flight as it's not a Night Flight. It's a day flight and it's not a small play next.
