Hey, man, I had this terrible terrible experience a couple of weeks pregnant and I don't know something about it just gives me a lot and a couple of weeks ago. I was starting to sweat during as I told you and I found this really cheap flight online. We are booked way in advance. So that is not a problem. But I'm not sure about my plans are to take this flight. Very last minute. I found this cheap one of these some of these last minute deals website. So I took that is really cheap. So I love well, it's just an hour flight 1 hour 15 minutes of a canopy evening flight pretty much like the last flight of the day. It was at 9 p.m. Or 9:30 p.m. Or something. So me being me. I just reached the airport 2 hours before the time also was not that good a little bit rainy and windy, so I thought maybe
It's just in case something goes wrong and not to my surprise is my plan. As soon as I enter the airport. There's a huge you for checking up on me all the flights before were delayed because of the bad weather here and talk to people completely like the check in. His folder is completely gone even movements in the whole thing and somehow I barely managed to reach the boarding gate before it closed like 5 minutes before close to go running my way to check into Security in this somehow making it through these guys are not happy with me because I was kind of just on time and so they just let me in but they were visibly one that and you know, some of some of these guys don't have this bitch connections to the planes have to go down and take the bus and one of the most annoying things I hate cuz I just backed into the small bus like that.
Go to sleep. And then you take him somewhere and dropped off and so we took the bus and as soon as we stared airplane, I see this really small propeller plane like 60 70 feet are really small one. I hate the propeller planes because I'm always scared flying in them. I don't know why it's about I don't trust the place. Nice if they made when they when they flying is too scary for me. Not much I could do right. So I just boarded the plane as soon as possible and get seated so that they could take off to be honest. No. We sat on to the mice mice eat at 7 to my seat and just talking to myself in and then they might have to wait for some time and I would like why the hell
Pushing Us in at the first place. If you have to sit here for another 2 minutes turns out we had there at the time I for one hour waiting for a flight to take off and turn the air conditioning to a Suzuki Stampy plays for 1 hour. Almost no oxygen to breathe too annoying for me like this small play some anyway claustrophobic. So I'm just getting paranoid all the time to display this content with take off take off strong Winters kind of drifting than one side and just shaking somehow we reach to this cruising altitude.
I thought I can remove the seat belt use the restroom and they didn't switch off the seatbelt sign and the lab retriever not allowed to be used because there was too much turbulence. The plane was going from left to right and decide whether it can movie should be back to India seeds people were having issues with it because they want to do the restroom or something and they will know service is no water. Nothing settled in the flight.
 Fleury sitting there for one. I want to see even worse Sunday the lights go off the plane and we see lightning outside. So these are these flashes of light coming in like a horror movie you watching the game from home movie completely darkened flight flights coming from outside and I feel the sun falling or sometimes and established the plane go up and down and I feel this fall and it's not like this instant one second to second thing is like 15-20 seconds of function fall asleep the plane Drop like 400 feet or something and I'm finding any this point of time because this is something my worst nightmares are made of like planes crashing and things like that into my harder after some of the few seconds of this dropping the oxygen masks drop off.
 And I've never had this experience before in my life and never use this thing. I never got I mean you always see the guys telling us about it, but you never think is going to happen so I can put it on the guy next to me kind of help me put this on to my mouth and I can breathe again and we had me to go to this Halloween experience of this oxygen mask and jumping up and down to the next 20 minutes or so of the flight and go out for a few seconds and then totally will drop and then go out and then said he would drop this continued for next next 20-30 minutes when we reach into the flight kind of stabilizer bedwetting the weather cleared and then we want we could move a master light came back on again. We could do celebrities and by the time everybody was so shaken and an annoyed with the whole experience didn't want to do anything and just land.
 You the landing for that matter was not dressed movie bomb. Do they run away twice before? We actually land it down?
 One of the worst worst experiences in my life. As soon as I go to the airport, I cancel my flights of the way back and Bachmann trains that I could come back by train. I didn't want to go to the same experience. Again. He's going to be the same flight you're on the way back and I don't think I can drive it back in these this propeller plane flights again, especially in the night. So I'm going to make sure that I check the flight timings and I'm pretty sure about that is not a propeller plane. It's a big plane that I apply on and and never have to experience again. I hope it doesn't happen with the other bigger planes. But this was like one of the worst things that I have gone through my life.
