So cool when we were interrupted to music while like I told you this little tomato sauce to get interested in that you're playing instrument. Actually. I don't really have a music library on my body Gru the musician you play any instruments birthday. I tried to pass it on my own.
So I guess to them 4th May didn't really buy me anything too exciting. What they did eventually do for me is I managed to pester them into letting me go to a kind of musical high school Century like where you could do to order no more subject, then you could do like music and I really enjoy going to the school calendar.
 Music theory and the reason I had a problem with this course in particular is that there was this one teacher and I'm pretty sure she was come kind of a demon wearing human kind of thing. It was pretty bad. She was pretty evil and just me and she used to drag kids around by the ears kind of the stuff like that. So it was like really borderline like not okay kind of stuff and actually meet some friends, but I went to this High School kind of just tell me what kind of bummed it around taking this particular woman and kind of I kind of had to give this presentation kind of swimming.
 And I was reading it because he was pissed as Plantation right everybody kind of nervous cuz I want to do a good job because I was terrified or whatever. So I should have told her she really liked went for me. It was pretty devastated office cuz it was mean-spirited kinds of my parents be in the school with doing this anymore. Cuz I need it like that was supposed to get my grades kind of look at my exam. I will have to do things with the teacher and we had talked to the school about his teacher before but we couldn't get rid of it.
 We can do right now. She's going to stay is what I like kind of finish my high school for two years while I was there kind of it was not ideal. I would have preferred to stay at the music was her cuz I actually did meet like the skip lines, but I guess they went to the music on there and they kind of like they said hey, where are we starting a band like to join and I was like me.
 So eventually I said, yes, she would love to kind of like to like original to make them in college kind of we all decided to like some clouds kind of I felt like I was amazing
 Yeah, I know. It was a great experience.
