So I told you about my friend and how she left me with a bit of an issue kind as long as we looking for coping mechanism Michael to look into this idea of being a musician kind of just a kind of fence. This kind of feeling I needed was just kind of need to achieve something kind of my parents kind of find me some kind of instrument guitar or something.
They went up the key events damage to negotiate with the best. I could negotiate as soon as he was this when I was transferring from middle school to high school if they would send me to a kind of music oriented High School Central High School. As long as the school has real courses for the music was a very nice campus most of the stuff except for one person to get back to you later. We very friendly food was very good. As I was reading good going there. I learned of those kind of friend being there but there was one question classical music theory was with the cost of gold.
Experience and the reason that you should with this pathetic. What was the teacher was I'm pretty sure she was some kind of a devil in the shape of a human essentially. She used to be very like in the meaning to students and she would lie and yellow students and drag them by their ears kind of fish. They did something wrong and kind of teacher she was an experience music from you so I can Bond over how much we hated this together.
I also lost too long. Cuz after one year, I think that we have to do this very big presentation this classical music there is no I was kind of terrified for two reasons one fresh out of this time, I would say but at the same time I was in front of the evil demon woman. Can I spend a lot of that kind of stuff very well during the visitation and I was very happy with it, but the teacher really just tore into my presentation.
Navigate to speak louder kind of thing.
 I will talk to the school kind of can. Can we get rid of the teacher? She's obviously just kinda caught me do anything about this and then we discuss with the schools there anything that we can do kinda cuz I really just couldn't stand the teacher anymore. She was just too much for me, So be yourself because the other local high schools should have all the courses with this music school. We essentially arranged I could just transfer into a program at the local High School Musical school so I can still get my exam without meeting will be Spic musical courses are required to transfer away from the musical School Ascension into more take me. My parents were happy about but I was obviously like less enthusiastic about to finish High School there in the SEC.
 The singer was with when I go to college. I actually bumped into one of the people I used to go to the musical school with one of these poor people do they like in Chains scarred for life? So just leave it was pretty cool that eventually we even had like a small concert with some of my close friends. That was really fun. I feel really amazing Johnathan.
 experience
