How was your weekend?
 I went to Norway this weekend. I heard the City deliveries Erasmus are cell. Cell that is really expensive as well. So for a decent meal and you know beer you end up paying no experience. My first time in a Scandinavian country is
 Free smelly fish thing like this should be the smelliest food in the world. I don't remember the name in this well in any scanning for mental excelled is supposed to be super smelly smell or even eat that.
 But then when my friend told me that although that thing smells really bad. It doesn't take so bad. Wish I was like, okay.
 So, okay. I don't really I don't I don't like fish in general so, you know already things like to know so I was like, okay. So for me was a double challenge Supermarket got these cans of they look really like going back to replace the things you're not supposed to eat these indoors because it's things so much that you're advised to open these when you are yeah, so that's why I went to this park. Tell me how this plays Sansa.
 Well, you know, what time will the truth to see if I open, you know, I could feel this way love fishy smell.
 Cuz I know is Mel's not that bad.
 So I open it and they're kind of slices of this Rafa still trust to one slice of bees. You know what there would be some oil and water, you know, he's got a turbo till I travel also they have the experience with so bad and disgusting so
 Cabela's on I hate losing bets so I try to give it a bye bye couldn't like as soon as I approach the slice of fish tomorrow cuz I got a break then I look back at my friends and he was you know, trying to bite her that she wasn't really crying Lisa speach years from today you are lying to me. This is terrible. But you know if it doesn't matter and well the thing is he then she gave it a bite and breathing you could see your face so much like this kind of pain.
 So I decided to do the only thing that I could do is just take that as a medicine so, you know watches.
 But as soon as I could really taste that I just threw the whole thing to the ground was just too much. I was like, what's the make was chest since I don't like fish. I guess you could just have I actually stopped but since he actually ate. You know, I'm through Miami of these time that I went to Beijing to have smelly talk Buffet not so bad like this. So basically my holiday in Norway was around great and this is kind of a thing that I will not forget so easily.
