Hi, how are you sweetie remind me my time with high school and high school?
 Yeah, somehow I think no one likes. He's really right. There is always something wrong. Yeah. I remember was I move to the beat of high school and you don't know why I'm so lonely.
 Not connecting to everyone to anyone in particular, you know who's weird student. I was pretty bad. I mean not really bad and I need the minimum to us just to get out of their chairs with this loaded attics at all. Just reading through slides and stuff like that and just writing stuff. But without the passion for it to know which is mechanical stop a bad bad thing.
 Was kind of boring was just states names of people that you have to memorize all the way to the best the test and etcetera but flies and start to pay attention more than you know for making my first exam.
 And I was like, yeah, that's why you fail you are always be thankful. You always make good questions and take notes that we talked for a long time and I got this for you know, like yeah, it's not that bad to fail but it's important that they learn what they can get better next time that I start sending to the area the first memorizing beta numbers and stuff like that.
 And I made the second time in the face.
 Dennis like
 I really really like to finally connect with with one Cars. I Like it and I like to see what the hell is wrong with you. I see that you really interested in the study can calm down.
 Repeating myself every night to since we started in the course. I completely completely Panic. So what did I took some strips of paper and I made some notes on it and then my plan was to break this doing this talking to my sleep so I can take it out the remix Armin kind of sheets be some bad at everything. So why be babied exam was feeling so bad. I was feeling so so cutie. So heavily is heavy. There's an old be like wow, how can I do that?
 By the taste of it was like wow, that was not right that is really like, wow really down radenz right anymore. I can leave you cuz if that's me you going to feeling on YouTube sailing from with myself so so strong, right?
 finish times
