What's up, what's down me almost I had this a couple of weeks be the last weekend. Actually. I was traveling to Brazil and I was meeting a friend over there. So I found this cheap flight on lying and all these websites. You can find this last minute deals or something and there was one which was flying the last Friday evening. So I thought it was really cheap. So I thought I'll take it. It was an evening flight starting of the attendant night or something next one hour to reach that I was meeting within the next day. I was actually I reached the airport a couple of hours early, you know, I went to recharge to plant stuff early. It was a survey need to pick a night in Paris when he stopped me a bit so I reset
So I've been expecting maybe a delay or something because of the weather and as it as I reach the airport, I see this huge huge you for checking because all the flights before mine was delayed because of the weather out of this crazy Rush at the airport to despite keeping two hours before boarding. I just managed to barely manage to board the flight time to check in to security and say I forgot this Clipper on my in my bag so they had to send me for another screening. I just forgot it was in my bag and then I reach the voting place is the boarding gate just like a couple of minutes before they were closing and gladly take the bus. That was the worst. I hate taking the bus so they just put us in this bus and then meet us to the airplane and then I realize they were just really small.
Play Nero those propeller planes and I don't like propeller planes. I just don't feel really secure and I like the big up more space that is really small propeller one and they just rushed because it was getting late. They just rushed Us in the just as well just posted as soon as possible it sit down and just settle because you want to fly and everything. And as we said there was an awesome saying that we can fly right now because the air traffic controller said the weather is not good. So we have to wait for some time for me to take off. We waited for 1 hour at the tarmac inside the plane before we actually could take off the air conditioning. They didn't let us not like move around Medusa's crampy small play not going well for me.
Take off of those are not very smooth. It was wavering because of bad weather few minutes as possible not losing your seatbelt or you want to go to the office or something. They took out the light. They said no you should keep on your seatbelt. The level trees were not allowed to be used we could not use that for me because it was telling us the plane is going from left to right all the time. I hate propeller planes ever after some time the lights go off of the plane because of the Dublin's and we experience is like, you know, sometimes they were discontinued for like 2 seconds. This is what type of plane falling having a free-for-all and then there was the first time ever. I don't know how to put on the mask while struggling to breathe.
Show me help me then and then and then the plane would climb in bed and then Fall of Rain for the next 20 minutes or like the worst time ever in my head. I was like, this is the day I'm dying. This is done. I have to I can't even talk to my parents before I could die. It was just the worst thing and then after like 20 minutes of all of this happening kinda stabilize to play again Glen Dr. Riverview, Austin move to Mars light came on in again the apologizing for no reason they can't do anything with the weather was just as bad but I can provide better service and they could be less Road at least. Yeah, that would be something and then even the landing was not be bummed on the airport place before we actually landed the worst Expedia literally the worst experience of my life lying and I was alive but I was so scared to take the flight back. I got to the flight back at
The train took long of course, but then it's safer than I was and I think I would never take a knife flight out. At least for this pissed when I know the weather is not good and never never take this one from change my playing experience for life. I would be really cautious.
