Ray Lewis Lewis everything dropped off the lights in my neck my parents. I want to Like Me guitar or something. This is a face really too interested in life. I told you to send me two kinds of a
Particular like when I was transferring from middle school to high school. Can I go to this kind of a music oriented like high school eventually, so I kind of
 gotten to do that as long as the school had like math and chemistry and buy real subject to the music. I really liked it was very nice to food was very good better than here and ask what schools got school music theory and the reason I didn't enjoy that cause she was I think she was pretty bad and she really was very mean and she was like toast used by the ears kind of seems like all your classes. He also like we kind of United around Hastings to get a teacher to hang out and talk about that.
 School is really good night. Enjoyed being the end of the first year. I think of me being there. We had to give this mandatory presentation essentially tonight and I was very scared by the ghost in front of the teacher kind of time in the day. Can we give the presentation? I was pretty everything I've done wrong. This is bad. Why did you say this is my self-confidence?
 I really didn't know what to do kind of so I went home and I told my parents about this for the school about it to see if we could just call me over the years of the school and they said now he wants me to get rid of her if she's very important person country steering boards kind of you know that trouble with her before the solution was the same key we came up with while I was at work cuz I had to kind of vacation to school should love the courses with normal high school. So I could transfer into the normal high school, which is unfortunate for me, cuz I be used to give him his friends. I'm at least like I go to the gym shoes Ray just making my life miserable. I'm at the end of the day. I did graduate from this.
 And then we can always working about it if I remember me at school so I can eventually we arrange to have a concert for our livelihood and friends on couple of months down the line. I was really great experience. I felt like I was liberating and it was really cool. So
 It's kind of expensive music.
