So we were interrupted my friend who moved away as a void in my life or kind of a way of telling the kind of feeling that kind of make me a musician and we would be really cool events kind of soda make my parents. Have a good time.
They treated it more as a kind of a passing phase kind of something I would get over in due time with them for a while so I can get the middle school high school activities in to let me go to a more like musically oriented high school. As long as the high school has life preferred subject in school is very nice picture. I really like the classes were very very nice.
How to really great time there. I will accept it take me to Tesco music theory and the big issue that course was there. They was the teacher I'm pretty sure that she was some kind of demon in the shape of a human person can if she would like she would yell at students need directions around by the ears kind of day with his behavior. Yeah. She was stable.
Sfv terrifying and the other four guys in the difficult and angry all the time. So it was kind of okay with taking the two later you is kind.
If he was going to find for the first year kinds of eventually we got to this point where we have to get this big presentation classical music theory in front of the entire class at that point in time for the scariest prospective. Just pretending friend.
 I just got a sizable crowd for someone so young. Prisons in front of you in the hospital. So I have to present for the teacher who wrote the show was very wise. I really would have some friends under a kind of make sure it would be good for the day came. I gave a presentation. I was very happy with it. Like people clap when the teacher said to give feedback if I ripped into my what's it called? Okay. I really just like mean-spirited constructive a tool.
 Difficult for me to parse the information. I suppose is like the kind of Reserve that
 so essentially I didn't get the phone number of boards by she sent you there to stay is what they kind of said.
 So we discuss with them and actually came to the solution that we could transfer me to kind of is a high school which of the ship number of courses with music or in this one and we could transfer me over to this normal school program essentially as well continue my education so I could avoid these mandatory music courses that were required by the teacher removing studying music grateful. She made my life singuila miserable. I kind of store in my parents to say yes. I kind of traditional music in 2001 ice for quite a long time.
 I want to go to college on the other hand, but it's nighty and I did and he said that he stole like plays in the band of the other four guys next weekend now and it was.
 Connect to work to do something.
