Hey, how was your weekend? I went to Norway Norway known ever visited a friend. Is it a lot to do there? So I was already called and in Winter gets you know, is it started eating starches how to get out to just take a look around? You know when you have friends spending the road. So be a lot of yourself, so
I think he asked me if I ever tried these you know, these smelly fish like fermented with stalled which is supposed to be the Spanish food in the world ever heard of it. Never forgot the name baby clothes like fermented would sell all though it smells really bad. Okay. I was like, I don't believe you made a bad that we have to buy it. I need it for even also only after that experience like
You know something normal, even the count looks of it, you know disgusting and I have this feeling of oily stuff. I don't know whatever so we went there and while you're not supposed to read this indoors. So yeah so bad vices of these Outdoors. So we wanted to these small park close to his place, you know, I was trying to prepare myself psychologically produce. I had a bad feeling and I could feel that something was
Like she just kept saying yes to the matter just as strong but the taste is good. I didn't really feel like from the very beginning and sound wireless Midwest while I never smell something so strong and you know, it just makes the frost Asian salad, whatever I also look was just guessing cuz it was just kind of slices of fish water boil Jello going to taste good. But anyway, what's a Batman and I was melting was Fran, but now you have to you don't take that thing and I'll just text her that I didn't gooey and oily and haha.
I wanted to give you the bye-bye food in the first time and I was like the smell was so strong that I am look back at him and he was literally crying you could see the tears down for me since day one single bite and then it was too much. You know, it's kind of my whole body was rejecting that piece of he was also trying to visually so bad, but she has to stop disgusting smell.
