And kind of my childhood by are you a bit like withdrawing? Yeah, because I was kind of happy when I move to Sweden wheel image of sweet. Nothing goes wrong age of 11 to Sweden and I kind of fish is her friend. So she really liked me under her wing and kind of my really admired her, and she was
I already great pictures without going very independent and dependent time together. Actually we used to like on weekends me so I can watch movies together and used to play video games going to get into all kinds of stuff that actually one of the weirdest things that we did was we had like this lumber yard where they processed planks for furniture, you know, kind of like where they have these big fat goalie sprankling about and me and her used to like go there and we used to get this. Thanks. Bye this go-kart kind of thing where we would have looked into like a car shape and then put some wheels on it and we spent a lot of time just kind of like upgrading his car putting in a trunk put in to see that I couldn't spoilers how to make it grow faster with some type of what we were thinking we would do with it.
And what we just would take the top of this and then we would roll it down. Does it sound like a bad idea?
 There was one time when I go pretty badly hurt kind of so she stopped at the bottom where it hurts like hell and then like I kind of food turned in the car and what happened was kind of I said, it was like it's supposed to be like in like what's happened since the cops just like scraped my entire side all the way down the hill.
 And like you can imagine.
 And like all the way down like and I was just like it was just as bloody mess and she was screaming kind of and like I really felt like it's like I broken something. It was really run and get my stuff out of the kind of who was like nearby in the time you I'm of the hill was a key right next to my house with my she had to run home to get my stepdad. So it's like that. It was just like this bloody mess tonight was pretty bad about how to make spear.
 Eventually, I did get to know that either she would be moving away. I came very like 70 from me and she said she was moving away because her family her dad looking like some kind of
 and she like we said we keep in touch kind of we could try but she was moving to Asia and this was back in the time before most of the Social Media stuff. So we gave each other our phone numbers, but I couldn't really keep in touch with her cuz I got fairly new but I couldn't get any loans or kinds of stuff and that she was a big pink kind of like cuz I was very introverted even like where I live before kind of so it was a big pain to lose a friend like that.
 And I'm sure I did eventually.
 It's nice to get back in contact with her. Like I think it was about like a couple of years after she had moved. I got the touch with her again and we started to talk about like I think it was kind of made me about what she changed from what I remember to contact with me. So I was really hoping that we could talk about the past and I told you about who is nostalgic things, but I think she changed a lot like when you don't see people for a long time like they changed quite a long time and I thought that we could have like limbo under the stuff that we didn't know that was interested in seeing me pushing the conversation kind of them.
 I'm the answer eventually we buy kept trying to push the conversation, but I know it's been awhile since I heard from you I lost so I think it was about 4 years maybe so I haven't heard from her since then.
