So we will be before we were interrupted. I told you about my friend and she moved and I actually
 haven't told you about the same actions registered voters in the band.
 Interesting fact it is actually a story behind that's because you're into music kind of listening to all of these kind of Eddie videos about like people playing guitars and kind of showing you how to do this again chords the stuff. I want to play an instrument instrument. They didn't take it too. Seriously. Sorry. I didn't really agree to buy me anything too exciting. The best I could do is kind of it when I was transferring into centrally.
 High School is that Kevin's going to send me to a kind of a special like off music kind of speciality high school as long as they have the old guy out there like subject it was that the mathmatic like I could go there as long as I get some real subject. So yeah, it's kind of a school was great. It was really nice campus Venus atmosphere is increased. I cook the food in here are the only thing I had one for him is that was his business when mandatory class called classical music theory and I really hated that class and I really hated that cuz I really hated to teach when I cuz I'm pretty sure she was some kind of a demon in the skin of a human, you know, it was pretty mean and cruel person around by the ears.
 I'm sorry to head to bed claw Skyrim is very boring actually met some friends who like up at school or friends that we bonded everything. She just hating this one teacher guy pretty and Grace on there for a while kind of a couple of months or like we're supposed to give this presentation in front of intact laws on light classical music. Would this RP of a teacher at because like I had to had to go to who I was terrified of a centrally I study very hard for this presentation will eventually
 Went up and gave the presentation which looks very well. Then I start to get people from the teacher wasn't good enough and I was really happy for me and I really am fixing to build my self-esteem kind of so, I went back to my parents in shambles and I cried and I told him we couldn't I couldn't I keep going and being it was going to be there with the teacher kind of glad to have it for another two more years old is ridiculous about the teacher before they said that they're like it was pretty bad. So what we did a range of Auntie is that I could actually transferred back to the normal high school kind of where they had because they should have all the courses at this normal high school kind of flavor. They I was just a shame kind of cuz I did enjoy being at this kind of special music school, but I couldn't because one person made my life actually hella kind of sad to have their life several times a week and he was awful noises.
 Is high school graduation. Mr. Technical subjects guys from Dragnet from high school from this kind of musical high school night, and I was chatting with them cuz they used to me then we actually have a concert, and it was amazing and express myself.
