Good and you how was your weekend is great. As always. I went to Norway has trip to Norway to the cabin, which is the Trump. So, you know, have you ever have time so I've North I have a friend there. He's doing his Rasmus status in so long. So I always want to know she has area out there. It is. It's really called.
 But we have some fun just went around thing is it's way expensive there such as more away kind of decent meal and a beer he end up paying 25 years that is not good for students was nice witches dinner went around have some fun some local parties and then he asked me about these I'm hiring her up. This can of Reese male fish that is supposed to be the smells food. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I would look so familiar with that, but he told me and I promise that use the big thing in the Scandinavian countries, so he wanted me to try it and he said that even if it's really smelly to taste is not that bad.
 I was like, okay, and I was not so sure that you send the truth. But anyway, we made a bet that we should try it and see if it is going to try to be there so you don't have to
 The thing is I don't like fish in general. So these fishy smell or taste of the game hate in general So Raven 2 in her sound. So for me was kind of a double challenge, but I don't like losing so I went to the supermarket and got dizzy now. Can I have really bad looking cans so and I am in mine. I was already just feeling to discuss but it supposed to rain so you're not supposed to win this thing indoors cuz your house is going to smell like hell for the next day. So they advise you to and Outdoors. So it just went too far behind his place plate of place. You know, I Was preparing myself ecologically for 4 days. I was really suffering actually the whole time like we haven't even opened the can lay with a half ring and imagine how these things could be and I I started to think about my experience in Beijing in
 You have you tried this going to tell him it's awful because it's really smelly smell and taste was terrible.
 And you know well, but my friend told me don't worry doesn't taste that that it's just the smell of ones you try you're going to be a ride. I didn't believe him. So she's going to start open to open a part of the can was like wow a wave a fishy smell riding my saves know something really disgusting smell but so do you know when to look into looks like, you know, just kind of Rock Lighthouse OfferUp? Yes, like fermented would still just got off, you know these places of raw fish with the jello like water and oil and
 Play there's no way that this thing with your husband doesn't smell that bad. Then. I realize that this life of bees sting in the hands of the whole thing is disgusting. So anyway, I just tried to give me the Bible. I couldn't I was truly truly rejecting that whole thing. I look at my friend. He was crying. He was trying to
 Yeah at some point. I just took the thing, you know, I couldn't do it too much because my French is giving the bike you couldn't finish it, but he won the bet I'm bad taste in my mouth for for 4 week. So let's say the worst and also the most interesting experience that I have in Norway.
