How are you doing? Good?
 Was high school. How was your high school time?
 Okay from you was on the second part. So it was not that good. Yeah, I change it change it school there and grew up there. They're together these and I just arrived and middle high school, you know teenage times and got the best option I guess so I was always the best old style teaching without much did that takes just this autocorrect thing that I teach you learned. That's all that's why right here. You coming your way?
 What book in itself is not the best idea? I think it's from you, but he said he was always memorizing dates and numbers and places and stuff like that.
 Okay, I started to get to like this kind of thing. It was the first time the teacher approached the students like one-to-one conversation of see how exactly to see how things are going motivated. You are always here asking questions what happened why you fail and then he was also to study more efficiently.
 Then I study more more more second exam. Can I say you again very very bad because of that. That's right. And that's okay that's getting weird. And then otherwise, I would fail the class and then I started to study like crazy.
 What do they start to become very nervous very very nervous and having one day before the exam was having some panic attacks. So it was really really like, wow. I cannot do that. I would have a favor tomorrow and then on top of my panic attacks what a decision I made to call me down into the receipt went past that I would make some Stripes of papers with some names and dates on it and put on my sleeve. So I would cheat on exam. I decided to see my my my answer all the questions and then we went to to Hindi the test before I can get there. So I started to feel so bad about it how to diffuse of Duty, you know, this guy this teacher he was super nice. He was trusting in me and he was motivating me and then I break his trust doing something like that.
 I felt so the worst person on Earth of myself to have to do that, you know and never spoke to the teacher anymore. But They Carried is with me this feeling off of Savior.
