Hey, how you doing? How's things going for you? These shoes with playing that I'm really scared when I'm boarding a flight. I always suspected a thing to go wrong and I've never had an experience but quite recently SUV before I asked you what have I was traveling to Brazil. Normally what I would do it like take a train from Hamburg and I go there but my cold is really cheap flight on your way home. Then I thought well why not try this is It's 150 or 160 of the journey time. So might as well do it funny thing was that I didn't notice it was light when I was looking for I didn't pay attention to it. The flight. Was it the night we just fine for me and work fine for me, but as it turned out it was
Adding a 10. Do you know the airports in Europe close at 10:30 or so. It was pretty much the last flight 7 to the airport from going on and at least the airport there was a huge cue for the chicken family to go many flights going at that time because of the storm. They are flights delayed somehow I had to go to the check-in process because that's a nugget.
 Took me a lot of time for that to happen. Just vanish to reach the flight before it actually took off before the boarding started voting ended be bored. And you know, it's not the board with the with the bridge on it. So you have to get down get into a bus and a small plane to 70 seater with a profile of fans and I don't like those plans because of the propeller. I'm always really scared of it. I'd like the check balance with more secure. Just getting to self bring in my head really small play in the weather is with Tommy. The propellers. Everything is for me going wrong at that point of time. We board the board the plane 7005 Schermerhorn Street clam place in East Mall that the weather is too bad. Well, I'm like that before.
 The weather is bad and then this delay and didn't know when they would be cleared to fly. It turns out for one hour in the plane sitting at the tarmac the plane didn't start because of the bad weather and in my head, I'm like, this is the worst being already that I've never had this experience while I was sitting in a plane for 1 hour, you know, they don't even sit on the AC or something, but it's waiting. It's just bad then after 1 hour so you can even so you can see some of that time you can decide I don't want to fly anymore I go out because he wants to go out anymore so somehow I sat through and I thought okay. Well, let's see how it goes after 1 hours. I said then I was like, yeah, we can fly now, so the plane somehow went to the runway and it took office really shaky because of the wind.
 As soon as we decide which hi, I mean the never switched off the seatbelt sign to your beautiful always to keep it as soon as we need to retire. It started tumbling all over when I was at the windowsill as I could see that was lightning outside for this flashes.
 Pretty scary that experience and then with the tumbling in with the Devil is happening. Suddenly, the lights went off of the airplane all the emergency lights to not panic. It's Dublin that happens in my head things are going crazy cuz I'm thinking I'm thinking I'm going to die. Now. This is really scary. What happened eventually was that after 5 minutes of the lights off and people talking to the else to say what is docking in telling us to become and everything that we find the oxygen masks drop off first to plane as we had like $344 something suddenly lost oxygen masks fall down lamp panicking and restocking what to do because the first thing is happening to me and you think we are prepared for it, but it actually happens. It's really scary. So I'm not able to put the mask on my face and I can read because the plane can has a day.
 What is getting really Trouble song for me? So my guy sitting next to me actually help me put on the mask like I could do for you. But then again after the mass was all is well, the lights are still off and no flashes outside the lightning outside. You can see the splash of the flight coming in with all of us like with the mask. And with this propeller planes doing so scary. I mean, this is the skinniest experience and then off like 20 minutes of this happening and with the mouse on it suddenly game picture of it smoother. I think when we closer to the definition is starting to become really, they will probably flying in a different note to do something to do that.
 Yeah, so then they turned off the mass of and we took it off and we have Landing in the landing was bumpy. That was not like Chucky landing and everything. Probably one of the worst flying experiences of my life is something that I always did that something like that would happen that feeling of the plane was falling at fairly low because it feels like you're dying and you can read because the oxygen is getting free Louis prima's Free Falling.
 It was scary. I appreciate the pilot was able to manage all of that. But for me, I would probably never fly this flight from Hamburg to check which light is it is the total. Is it the propeller plane or something? I think something will develop brains. I think I hated on my way back already, but I cancelled the flag and then take the fire that took too long train because well at least there's a train or something crazy. I probably scarred me for life for flight. So I might be really scared with the flights. I think from now on.
 Yeah, hey sister. This is scary. Scary experience.
