Hi, how you doing? How's your weekend?
 My weekend was nice to only tell you something. I I went to Norway Wayne outstanding in Trump's of which is in the north northern part of the country temperatures. We have a lot of fun. Everything is really expensive there. So were they just maybe having a beer we're going out for dinner. It's kind of a lot for First Student, We have fun and that's something he told me, you know about these kind of food. They have a fish called. I forgot the name middle language something like surstromming which is some kind of Herring or fish which is supposed to be to smell his food in the world ever heard of it. Yeah. So yeah it is this scanner, you know fish fermented with salt which prevents it from, you know, everything and they say it's really smelly and
 But then he told me that it's delicious. Right and I was like, okay, I don't know so I checked the internet there were different versions about it. Some people saying is great some people with me and then we made it back and then the guy who can finish and I want to say something and it's really smelly and disgusting and you're not supposed to it indoors because I guess your house can sting for day. So just went to the you know, this Garden sit down and write so already it was a really challenging to open this County and I was just like tuna. Can you open it?
 Melon, ghetto Deez raw fermented fish like all I got no sweetie really disgusting but he was like saying if you try it you'll see you love it. All right, so we were actually we decided to also take the whole experience, you know to see our own reactions to it, but then they saw his face really get out of this castle at realize that heals and she liked it. So it wasn't like it was really delicious and it's supposed to be but it's okay I have to do it. It was similar like I didn't try and let you know I just was like, oh my God, I like fish in general sofa table challenge only scanavino raw fish that day for example in the Netherlands and
 But yeah, so I took it I just close my eyes and I went for it and I wow it's I I can't even describe how bad that was in a litter from the Flavor to the textured these consistency in Allen, but I don't know how he did it. You know you could see his face like crying and all this kind of weird expression, but he finishes then he told me he actually is not as bad. But yeah, I don't think it would have this thing again, but you know from the strip.
