Yeah, that's how I feel kind of tired from being around people that they're around me. Sometimes I'm lost and I kind of
I don't know. It was a line around the age of 1112. I think I move to Sweden kinds of scary experience. Right? It's cool. I supposed to meet people there and she was really nice. She was amazing. She was really outgoing kind of Missouri Independence, which I really admire cuz I was just so shy and reclusive from where I was getting things together. And yeah, we had great fun. I really enjoyed spending time with her.
I'm going to chill out of mischief and kind of weird stuff. So it was actually this one thing that we did we had this like Lumber Mills, you know, where they make like playing the whole bunch of planks in the usual like we restore the plants we have this kind of thing close to us and me and her used to sneak in and kind of the Steal like small tanks from there. Thanks again for the shape of like a go-kart sangenario put some wheels on it and her and he would keep like building up this card over time so we can small spiders of the back of its trying to Foster or something and I'm kind of this hill that we should like this paved road kind of poop paper Rose Hill next to my house essentially where I live.
And as you can imagine this probably wasn't the smartest of ideas for a great idea very hurt to doing this because what happened what happened this time was you really like I was sitting in the bushes and I was stuck in it still says it's very bloody. It was really bad.
On the ground kind of sore like yeah, it took me awhile to recover from it was nothing great idea, but I think it's a good experience, kind of stuff to do as a kid as well. One of us. Suzuki in kids about making mistakes and learning from them. No matter how stupid time went on I go to learn that she was when she moving away so I know you're for like a couple of months now and she was my first real friend and sweet and kind of French speaking dictionary amazing, but I go to know that she was moving away. It was introduced to her family was moving to Asia kinds of
So basically she told me this and I was very upset like I was worried about being alone and having a friend so he greets exchange each other's phone numbers kind of cuz it was in the time before Facebook was I didn't go anywhere fan Jersey for whatever reason like we could get in touch with each other called or nothing with kind of sad in the beginning of Two Rivers eventually, but it wasn't great for me for a long time.
Eventually get back into contact with me like 5 years later or something like Facebook. So we talked a bit kind of an oui.
 Translate to share it but just woke up. I'll post and stuff. We talked about all the stuff we did like I realize she was getting less and less interested. Like she would have showed French word responses kind of a response. Like I wasn't busy ass because she was obviously I change the Vault since you've moved which is the sad thing is people in scrap.
 descendants 3 at the end
