How was your weekend?
 I was good until I went to in our way to his friends the City Trump Soho you were her Norway and Sweden Myers. It's not probably the best beer to go turn away by anyways, once was nice and I went out for dinner beers pretty expensive. I always has not the kind of silly that you would like to to leave and just chill cuz you know the Scandinavian country price of his birthday. That's why we have been on this party then the next day. He just me if I have you ever tried to stand up. You know it smell of fish thing. Is he a narcissist thought to be the smelliest food in the world is just kind of Herring an hour for man to which salt
 And sending kind of raw fish this and it's really really smelly even know it and he told me that it tastes great things. Like how can something smell so bad taste great and then we made a bet that we should eat one and I'm the one who is faster wins so I can look at you when I can but we have to go to in Alice small garden can a forest behind his place cuz you know
 The can was nice. But as soon as we open that was like wow, it's such a strong smell something really really strong like I remembering 2016. I have these smelly talk to me Gene which was wow, but this was man.
 I don't know. I can't even explain how strong the same one. So it ain't just opening the whole cannabis Canada in a really painful but you know and then you have the oldest fish in the water and staff and Jello disgusting. I hope I didn't way. So yeah, we're there it took me like 5 minutes to psychologically prepare to taste that cuz it smells terrible. It looks terrible. So for sure it's going to taste really
 Oh, yeah, so I feel like I don't even like fish in general. So that was to my disadvantage cuz I think maybe if you like tuna or raw fish while I'm I was overwhelmed by this but I hate losing and then there you go. You just grab these with your hands ready to hear, you know texture of this thing is gooey fishing thing is really disgusting in a while. So I really couldn't bite it like that. I really have to do this with my nails cuz wow, why does male what a thing getting stinging and if she was crying cuz you know dropping two years cuz he was like I stated and
 That's probably the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted in. My life is really like, I don't know that thing should not be available. I don't know why that's a tradition there. But yeah, it was disgusting and wealth course she wanted and she went back to his place. Yeah, he show me some videos and YouTube your reaction videos of this thing at ya.
 Everybody was like just like myself. So anyway. That's basically what we did this weekend.
