Hey, how you doing long time to find recent thing the last week so it's all happening last week and I'm going to have to go to the cell which is not that far away so I could technically take a train but I found this deal online on your wings and it was really cheap flight I could fly from there. So I took it. I didn't realize I mean I did see that it was in the night when I applied but I didn't realize it was that late. So I said then it'll most of the flights in Europe airports. Don't fly in the night. Think about that was like the last flight of so at 10:10 p.m. Airport. I was already and it was pretty epic store me because I can't focus.
Something at least there and there's a huge queue for checking because apparently a lot of flights for today and everything. So it took me like in almost an hour to get through the check in and everything they all do it easily for the flight, but then I realized that I was while I was checking in 15 to 20 minutes left for me to do the check in by the time I managed to ditch the boarding. They were kind of closing it down, but they let me in.
Have you boarded the plane? So, you know when you boarded tell the airport so don't have the bridges. So you have to go down in the bus and the bus takes you to pretend it was one of those which is already starting to feel a bit grumpy about it because I don't even like that. But when we reach the plane, we realize what I realized it was a really small playing, you know, this propeller small plane 370 schedule something I had those because of this and never feel safe on it. I like like to chat. Please do some things with the little more secure in my head it is plain and at that point I had no option but to the sports game, so I bought it it and we can hide in Addison and be Saturday places. Is well and then we find out that the day the traffic Air Traffic Control in the lost the plane bless you take
Because of the storms and everything and everything and the other flights waiting to take off the forest through you standing on the tarmac for an hour waiting for a plane dresses.
 Already going pretty well. It gets it gets worse. I tell you so waiting waiting for an hour and they would even like some water and they don't switch on the air conditioning while on the tarmac edible. We could hardly now will now go for the take out federal way. We took off it was a bit shaky to take off as well. The plane was going all over the place. And once we reach the cruising altitude shortly after that, it's just there was too much trouble instead because they were storms forecasted. I was too much trouble and it was raining heavily. The plane was going from left to right and was really shaky and do the seat belt sign never switched off and we were and we had to deposit both on all the time. We could use allowed to receive in Virginia lost even step out of a seed.
 And the things get even worse then send me we feel it's like the airplane is like having a fall for like 100 200 feet or something and then you know the feeling of the plane for the I was scared like hell like that point of time because I thought I was going to die and then suddenly the lights completely off in the plane.
 Do I add to my misery the first time in her life experience like this this oxygen mask mask dropping her off and I never used it before I never had this experience of the plane is sort of like Free Falling almost completed our point of time. And so and I can't even put the mask on. I was just I was just shaking with that guy sitting next to me as we help me put in the mosque on that. I could be there again, but another couple of like 10 seconds because they were the lights of the Plano completely search David Lashley see the the lightning which is flashing outside. This flashes of light coming in sideways so scary. It's like right of the horror horror movies English something.
 A few minutes later. I can I stabilize. We actually the lights came on again. We were told to do by masks and the plane again went to the cruising altitude again. I think you are nearing the destination and I was completely shaken light in the landing at that point or severely stressed out and wheel landing and Landing was bumpy as well. We just bounce twice before we stabilized on the on the on the on the runway. It was like the most Halloween spirits in my life having the flight. I mean, I know I'm glad the deep I was able to cancel my flight. I took the train back to be more time, but I was at least safe that way in my head. Probably never going to take a flight for the short distance again, at least if I know that the plains of small paint.
