Have a good week so far.
 This story is going to be about when I was younger age.
 Yeah, yeah, you kind of have to be to end up in computer science.
 Yeah, dude, I was she was very young. I used to just stay by myself play video games by myself German company quite a long time eventually when I move you move to Sweden when I was about 12. So I move to Sweden that I was a little bit of an introvert polar. I did go to the house and meet your friends kind of thing you friends with my phone to TV. She was amazing. She was very outgoing kind of she was a great person. She was very friendly and shows that spoke English Bass Pro Shops. Like we spend a little time together in the air which cartoon spaceman video games the book with me kinds of stuff.
 Sounds like it was great, Enjoy your company quite a lot of messages and actually live very close to kind of lumber processing plants is like and where they make the planks for making furniture and stuff like that and she and me used to sneak into century and I still sometimes we try to go like this kind of go kart. Does Connor have tried to mail it together put some wheels on this kind of McCarthy disassemble.
 Try to put the end. We we kind of busy invisible missing of time without extra seats sweetheart. Like a trunk kind of thing isn't working very well. We tried to add spoiler. So that would garbage Foster this kind of wouldn't you trying to ride him? And what we we do this thing is that we would take so like top of the hill right next to my house kind of thing. We would do this a couple of times.
 Give me about the stupid things. I'm telling me which kind of the roll down and she was saying how she gave me those big bush holding on just with my buddy ways and then at times it's over and I was so sick and my side all the way to like before a couple of like feet eventually down the street and I was just a big bloody mastering the time. It was pretty bad and she was screaming at the run off and get my dad kind of because I was just lying there like screaming and like to try and was not great yet.
 But it was great fun guy the stuff. I got you. Remember the stupid things to do as a kid right cool to be friends with the family or dad more specific Ed Kaufman a job in Asia kind of and they've he has a lot of work kind of kind of we exchange phone numbers and stuff, but that didn't really work out too. Well because the kids were stupid stuff wasn't a stupid before Facebook is like way back in the condo is Weber. I really like I was reliving the again.
 Which is unfortunate for me at this time?
 Yeah, I'm sorry, but you did get in touch later on, I think it was about and I was kind of wow, this is Becky. I'm so sorry to chat a bit about stuff we did when we were kids and we had to remind her about some things we did and she was into it more and more. She goes kind of more distant over time is end for the end of Entry. I realized it's just remember there being a centrally and eventually just stopped working and I haven't talked to the state line.
 life
