How are you? I am fine. I was remembering some stuff this weekend you how was your high school time? Was it good if people like it some people from high school in in in a new school and I think that makes everything worse, right? I mean you just arriving in school don't know when you want. No one knows you and you kind of the only kind of far apart disconnect from everything else right very bad student. So I was yeah, I was never studied in high school was always boring and I did everything just to enough to pass never like to learn sign that says change it when it was a history teacher and he was a nice guy.
Distance from the from the teachers from the school. They were the other teachers. They're very very old very
 aggressive type is the alterity time to know and that becomes also very bad thing how to bed way to connect with them in until I arrived he was knew he was very young. He was very cool very lied and kind of Southeastern the other teachers at some point. That's not good, but then you can talk to me after the first
 Yeah, he said yeah, why you feel let's see what's happening you petition a lot to me like she was your day always home, and then we talked to Martin and he helped me a lot to learn how to get use it to today's Laker in to get used to study, you know to do to pass around.
 And yeah, then came the second test the second I saw you again talk to me again, and then it's even worse because we were talking this morning and was like Ball Z final exam. Otherwise, I would say it is too bad and everything will be going away and decided to
 Meat sometimes types of paper and put the the names and dates of the things happening and then put on my sleeve.
 Result proud of that. She was really bad to do it. You know, I used to test and I felt so bad when I hang the test I felt so disgusted with myself. I mean wow, how can I break the trust of this guy? That's pretty person to me to myself and they treated myself. Nothing sound right to be like wow. That was really bad. We did we do this song.
