And I'm stopping over the weekend. It was really annoying you like traveling you like really annoying and really scary and it's always like this thing where you are in the middle. And there's something goes wrong visit you no chance for survival. Right? And I would have weekend on Friday evening. Actually. I was traveling to Brussels. I found this cheap flight so I took it.
When you for that day, they had a special flight for some special offer and I went to the office in the night. So it was like the last flight of the day, you know, when your of how they close their ports for the night in this one night flights per se law starting Last Flight of the day or something. I reset airport 2 hours early cuz I knew it might be too late or something. It was a windy stormy night was rain happening like it is always have and as soon as I reach the airport, I see this like huge Q of people for checking because apparently all the flights below before that were delayed because of the weather and it was a huge Hugh and even with the two hours that I had before the boarding actually started. I still just barely managed to get to board the plane because I was double-checking you had this big bag. I shouldn't have got it a big bag inside to check in the office long. Can you check in?
Again, this long Cube security took me like almost 2 hours to finish all of that and I just barely manage picked up the boarding and they were like closing the boarding. When I asked you to reach them know how in some airports are in some flights. They don't have the bridge to the plane. You have to get down and take the bus and the bus goes I hate
 just so annoying you on the tarmac going with the bus yet. And so we rode the bus and with the bus we teach the plane and then what I see is his it's a really small plane propeller planes x60 70 seater planes and I hate those propeller planes. I feel really insecure flying in those propeller planes. I like Jets a lot because when they have better chance of survival for The Weather Channel, just so annoying strong women. It's annoying so I kind of getting late because of the latest do I see it until you said it as soon as possible like not even giving us a time to settle down just forcing us to get in and the truth as well. So we sat down on the plane and then there was an awesome and saying that well the Air Traffic Control won't let us fly because of the weather so we are waiting for the clearance.
 And I was like why the why the hell were you just pushing Us in the first place? If you if this was the case, can you imagine me spend one hour on the tarmac waiting for clearance to fly just sitting there and it don't even switch on the air conditioning is econ. After some point of time this time in this is not like you can open the window or something. It's nothing and it's a crime small plane. Is this annoying then after an hour or something. They actually we actually went to the we allowed to take off the tank off happened. It was not the best of the take off in a little bit of everything in it was okay. We listen to some cruising cruising height and then suddenly there's a Norseman that well you should not take off the seatbelt because this Dublin's and blah blah and deliveries will not allowed to be used we can go to the trees and we had to sit in this place because the plane was going from left to right because of their tablets.
 That one point of time Sunday. I felt like this plane was falling and having a free-fall, you know, how in Dublin sometimes it's falls down and it's not like a small one just fell down for like 300 feet. I believe in NFL currently the lights went off of the plane and it was Free Falling at the most lightning outside. You can see the flashes of light coming in with the street from a horror movie or something is really scary and then all of a sudden these oxygen masks drop up,
 Can get us to put them on and I've never experienced this before my life is oxygen mask coming down. So I'm just I was not able to do it. So the guy next to me was able to help me and I was production mechanic beat again, but I can still feel like it's time to climb up and then fall in the crime up and fall and went on for some time. I felt really sick and scared at the same time as hard as this is the end. I'm going to die and then went on for like 10-15 minutes of this terrible Dublin's and then eventually it kind of swollen. They probably climbed up to Good Ol Dirty Bastard move The Mouse and the light came on again.
 Baby snake is hiring in a scary experience. I had I was already scared about the air travel and the propeller planes and this was like my worst nightmare coming to light and then we were about to reach the destination. And then even the landing was bumpy. We just jump twice on the on the on the runway. It was such a such a scary Annoying experience of my life that I'm scared to travel using Airlines again on my way back. I cancel my flight. I took a train trip along with finality send you have a safer than that. No, no cash of air would make me die or something. It was just her and I am scared to take the plane anymore. I'm pretty sure I'm going to check if it says jet plane on a propeller plane. How many people never going to take the knife lights out?
 I was just so so scary so scary for me.
 Steve McQueen
