How are you? Can you send it to me in the past and was thinking about high school time? Did you like in your high school time was okay everyone I asked we have always really love it. Some people like it was okay. So it's all of experience is right. I was on your side I moved from school when I was in second year of high school. And then I arrived here and I was like then you can I was like, you know not connected everyone. Everyone was there already and they had friends and they grew up in the same school when they just arrived so I was kind of dead person apart from everything and everyone.
And that makes me don't connect to it was a bad time for me. And then I was at the best and I was always the average student who did everything just enough to best.
 Nothing more than that.
 So you school where they study they have flight to be serving traditional teachers. They are very
 I am dude. I talk you listen in and they mostly older teachers of it. I write on the on the on the board of the toilet and then history teacher I never liked it very much because there's always like remembering memorizing numbers and dates and names of the chat. I was like, yeah, but this new guy came and he was very Dynamic. It was very poor life more interesting at some point and it started to to get to know more about this exam. I failed miserably really really bad.
 Has his personal one-to-one conversation with the students and that he said to me all the time here off of why I was saving and it was new from something interesting to learn and someone who cares about some came. I See You Again Sports in before focus more study more Miralax and getting ready for the final exam.
 Crazy really eating my books and really really really into it. But then I start to panic I start to panic panic panic in the day before the exam. I was told so so nervous that the only solution was to play with chicken exam. That was right. I was using my my sheets and was working. So I was answering questions and so on a Feeling while you really did that so bad you break the guy was so so good to to to you.
 Play with myself, you know, so so so such an awful feeling was like desperation the exam I passed it. So I did not say the class, but it was like Myerstown from USB DVD. Like wow shouldn't do this anymore will still give me those things there. I never seen that you started in school.
