I was doing a couple of weeks ago you like to travel. Yeah, so I was traveling a lot this last minute deal in one of the web sites and The Weeknd a couple of weekends ago. So it was it was nice. I was already planned to go for a night flight pretty much. I think the last flight of the night or something before they close the airport. So expectable play early and realized as soon as I reach the boarding does the airport was full of people that cracking he was like this.
All the flights before this one were delayed because of the weather so somehow I rushed through things to security and everything is barely managed to reach the boarding gate before they closed it. I think it was five minutes left before I could even enter I was able to board the plane.
 And I know these are some of these flights don't have like the bridge to the to the plane. We have to go down and take the bus and the bus goes I hate that to you up in the bus and then you have to wait at the time. I for some time so they took the bus on to the plane and I want to see is actually this really small propeller plane like the 60 70 seat or something, which I hate a lot because I don't really trust the propeller planes that much I have not had good experiences with it. Normally I only take pic of flies with the with the Jet Plane so that but I didn't have an option here because I didn't even see which player was just got this deal and at that point if I'm not putting any more because I was right outside the plane because they were getting late or something so that pretty much was supposed to send in the city.
 started everything we sat down and
 do you be a staff was not very polite very seldom pushing people that I'm just getting them seated so that they could start this week anyway, so as soon as we are ready to fly, there was a last-minute thing that take off take off and can imagine we stayed at the timer for 1 hour waiting for the plane to take off which is weird because I was just wishing the same to start and now we have to sit there for an hour and it was like, you know, they don't even switch on the air conditioning Wireless on the number to call for those not tell Paris Texas waving thing that happened and where is this cruising altitude? Everything seems to be fine, you know, as soon as it reaches cruising you remove a seat belt.
 They said we couldn't because the roads are terrible and suicune take off a seat belts calories are not allowed to be used we can go there on the plane was literally shaking left to right because of the table and send in my head all my worst dreams about a propeller pitch. That doesn't go well in the lights go off and we see the lights flashing the lightning outside in the series light flashing in playing in out of a horror movie or something and sometimes I think before leaving the Lord and getting up and falling but this was weird because I'm falling for like seconds like 10-15 seconds because this fall and I'm pretty glossophobia can I don't like that cold environment and this is getting even worse for me and then to make matters even worse the oxygen masks drop.
 Read anyway, and this is the first time I'm experiencing oxygen mask and I don't know how to use it or do they tell it every time but it's very difficult when it happens to you. Somehow the guy sitting next to me help me put it on so I can breathe again, but it was handling experience. We always scared the plane is going up and down and it was just the lights were off and we could eat at their stuff is also pretty scared of what happening and I feel like I think 20 minutes of this stuff experience going up and down the plane can stabilize your ass to remove a master light came on. Again. Everybody was completely shaken. They were fighting with the ass. Off and won't do anything but no experience. So they started the 10 DVD The Landing was first performed on to the runway twice before we landed. I don't know what the hell is going on.
 It put me off from the air travel so much that I cancel my flight back. I didn't want to fly again because I believe it was a similar flight. I took the train back from Brazil to be long, but well I'm sitting in my head and I thought to myself. I'm never going to take like a Night Flight again, especially when I know this is a small propeller plane. Just put me off this propeller planes forever. I don't think
 what you fly with these planes ever in my life.
