Things are good. How's your weekend? Been actually been really nice and Me growing up stuff like that.
 more like in Terraria
 Yeah, I was kind of interested in the kids spend a lot of time playing video games.
 I wouldn't say I hate being on my own some kind of Africa where you can't wait to meet your parents driving you somewhere. Yes. I did kinda enjoy being able to 11:12 something like that, and I didn't want to exchange place for a while, but eventually I did to me.
 Friends, my first friend was actually someone who I started school Ascension is lower middle school and one of the first time it was this girl, She was pretty amazing with the independence in Brave kind of sounds really cool for me. He was obviously very light shine I say cuz he works a lot of cartoons together Thing video game between UCF. Other times of Mischief kind kind of show me spend a little time together kind Lumber processing area where they at, like stole the planks for making Furniture kinds of big area where they stole a bunch of planks kind of and with me and her were just kind of sneakers does Erin like take some plants.
 Okay, I go karting with its own wheels on Wheels and all the stuff in the mail. But some say we had to see people trying to call me. It's or anything. We put some spoilers on to me or false Turtles can imagine what we would do is to be 60. We would take it up to like I said, I know this doesn't sound like a very good idea.
 Didn't always end up so well kind of time where I can get pretty hurts during this as what we did was we roll this thing up the hill to buy the ski the what happened this one time was that she kind of gave me every kind of what happened to live in she had to like skins for a couple of feet on the pavement cut stop and I like ripped off a Lotus Skin there was a sushi at the run off and get my dad to Central.
 Create the kinds of it was a stupid thing to do would actually love the kind of stuff that you remember when she was really like we can do this all the stupid stuff. I didn't really lost for that long. I think I'd only for about 6 or 7 months kind of and then she told me that your dad has gotten the job in Asia and she had to move.
 And this was pretty Aspen kind of weird wasn't great. But I was very kind and I was like of scared of being very loving kind of essentially again, which is Sykes. It took me awhile to get over that we see each other when she didn't move. I told her I didn't feel so we didn't lose contact for a while.
 Cheap message message me on Facebook aside. And I was like, why are you sitting this will be the last time that we posted kind of change the people, you know, I cuz obviously it's been 5 years. I've changed quite lovely Thursday login fight. So yeah, we talked about it, but that's sweet. I'm in some kind of competition can do the lesson lesson eventually. We just stopped working at cuz we just had that make sense.
 That's a shame and now it's been quite a long time. It's been about like I haven't heard from you since that's why I said
