How you doing? Tell you about this weird experience that I have to like traveling by air and you scared of it tired of driving by Taking Flight if I can but the couple of weeks ago we were traveling to Zurich and I didn't plan it in advance and the train takes way too much time to go there. So I found this really cheap flight on these your last minute deals website and to this flight is really cheap 12 hours relaxing and I took their flight and realize it was in the evening. So it's fine for me at least and then going to Hotel directly but it was like the last flight of the day from here, right? So 9:30 10:00 pm was the flight from here to the airport or is there for a couple of hours ago as I normally do it was a bit rainy evening like normal it is nice, but it was really windy at that night.
So he's the airport and I see this huge Q of people for checking before my flight was delayed because of the weather. So there was a huge huge queue for checking the security was completely packed like the whole airport was completely like stuffed with people that I cancelled. Everything is the boarding gate in time. They were closing the gate when I enter they let me in but they were not very happy about it. I told them how the chicken was really long and the security was this taken too much time and I barely managed to get in so you have to go down and take the bus and the bus goes to the flight. I hate thinking that but it feels like you are keeping your head up. She been put into this bus and this bus is going to take you to the farm and letting go over there if you like that for me.
I took the bus and then as I reach the plane I see that this is one of those small really small Propel propeller blade plane. They 6070 cedar or something and I really hate those planes leave something exactly and the sound of those Blazer. Basically, it's too scary for me. Anyway that time it was too late for me to go anywhere. So I had to take the flight is that okay? Fine is 1 hour because I think they were getting late or something. They just rushed just in the crew of those are not replied. They will be rude and sit down and you can sit down.
Anyhow we sit down and then he knows that well the traffic controllers told us that we can't fly because the weather is too bad. We have to wait they don't know how long but you have to wait till the time you cleared for takeoff, and I was thinking why the hell were you for singers? Why were you so rude? They obviously didn't have any answer to that.
Turns out we were there for one hour at the time. I waiting for Karen to take off sitting there doing nothing.
 People were cranky and they don't even switch on the air conditioning or something. Why was it again? And it was a small crampy plays with them two people sitting right next to each other and I'm really getting really panicky and fidgety weather in the boarding gate was still open to it was okay, but it was still not the perfect situation. Anyhow, after that one hour we would run away and we take off take off is also shaky batting is the winds were too strong for the plane. The plane is really small. So I was just going up and down and by the time we reached e at the cruising altitude, we think we can take off the seatbelt law go to do something but they said you can take off the seatbelt because the plane was going from left to right is to be used so we didn't see nobody could go to love me. It was like everything was going
 Wrong in there and that experience a and then it gets worse the lights go off and it's lightning outside because it was raining flashes of light coming in like a picture from a horror movie scenes from horror movie exactly. You've been told not to get up you can go to the library in the plane is just shaking terribly this happens. If you fall and you feel like it's going to fall out. Only stayed for one or two seconds late, but just like 30 seconds. Just falling it felt like the plane fell like 400 feet or something and I'm busted I can imagine about describe experience getting is coming through the worst.
 And then the oxygen mask for happened to me. Okay, and I don't know what to do with it because I could not put it on because I was panicking and then was shaking the guy sitting next to me actually help me put on the mask so I could breathe again, but then again to spin once again falling and then trying to climb up falling trying to climb up.
 And I was thinking okay. This is the last flight of my life and I'm going to try this is going to crash and everything is going to be the next 20 minutes. Falls down waterfall Sound by the end of the definition of when everybody was annoyed with the flu. So we told her we can take off the master light to came back on again this order some water and everything and everybody was shouting at the proof at what would they do like the weather was that bad? It's just just ahead of an experience. I really really scary.
 Then we started to send for landing even relax cuz we landed and we jumped twice on the runway before we act intended to do something describing the next thing I know the next best thing would happen. If you don't even last bus into flames the weather was that bad. Other than that, it was probably something just a plain is too light. I was so scared. I cancel my flight back. I took the train is going to be the same flight and I didn't want to go to the same experience again place already. I'm even petrified of I'll probably make sure even if I have to fly, I don't think the knife flight and I don't take this propeller planes for sale.
 But it was a really scary experience and then I'm released from that experience.
