What's up, remember stuff this weekend. Remember my high school time was so fucked up so fucked up you had to go to high school. I'm here. Yeah, good memories and stuff. Okay, I was and I can meet us. We're moving in After High School there and was weird. I can always kind of leftover that teaches were ridiculously tired too. So so so very old teachers who have no. No. 6 at all just sitting read stop and expected to learn shit. And yeah, it was awful year or nothing. It was really bad student read video always and never faint meme almost almost getting it.
Makes things different uses the history teacher. Lost his job. Make it interesting and amazing procedure to start with it, you know to get into it at cetera.
 Text you. Good enough to go to school. I was pretty tired. Of course. I failed miserably was the first time I say your nephew completely and I was feeling okay. I'm so cool guy if he was younger and Serena refresh very easy to talk and he know how to talk to people thinking YouTube of the teenagers with something different from the other teachers there mean this happens if this helps and yeah, the thing is she came up to me and asked me what's wrong why you didn't buy your failure you look so interesting and what happened and
 Talking talking talking. We gotta get together and I started to realize this is not that bad. I started to get into the things, you know how to study because of study people are starting person to to pay attention. What the fuck what what happened to me. I mean, I really like this story like this. Why what's wrong with you sweetie Wheatie start to to to feel guilty because this guy was here to help me and I was not able to
 Then the third exam came with the final exam and I had to bet that is why don't we have a chance to the best of the course of those that would fail the course and it was really bad and I was starting to feel Duty already because after this relationship and drink tea before dig site panics to make to get some papers and put names and dates on it and put on my sleeves so I can't do this. I might start doing exam and I start to to get the liquid answers before my papers.
 I started to feel so bad after getting to the end of the exam and I felt so so guilty. I felt so ashamed that I had to do that too fast and the teacher came to me and talk to me. Hey congratulations. This is really good. You did it but inside I was so destroyed because I needed something so bad and I was feeling guilty for the first time in this concert at school, but I caught me thinking this this weekend.
