How's your weekend? Been everything. Could you send it.
 Cuz I'm definitely very dangerous kind kind of since I was a child. I used to play video games on it kind of I so kind of enjoyed myself and I didn't hate being alone and just have playing video games between I did eventually move to Sweden when they were just going to think I'm going to swing at the age of 11 or 12. I move to Sweden. It was hidden secret language of mine for a while was this girl
 She's going to Mike's also start school time in Sweden. And then I'm at the school. She was in my clothes essentially and I really admired her cuz she was very outgoing independent and she was very funny and be like this. I can try and I could because I didn't speak Swedish of the time. But yeah, so we just keep this thing kind of one thing that we didn't do is to know these kind of places where they keep planks before they process them for to make furniture kind of other with these big backyards with plants around.
 Does me and heard of Becky fetty close to it? One of these yards guys, what we would do is we we can sneak in there. We would steal things kind of weather is kind of like sleeping asleep next to my house. And what we would do is that we would take this go-kart and put the top of the hill and down the hill.
 Does it sound like a good idea?
 This is something I would do. Yes, I do it one day during this particular ones. I'm going down the hill really fast and I was like what happened was what I was like father was going on until the kind of I had its going to sleep and then I had to kind of brace. I put any breaks with the right side of my body has already tore fellow skin on my arm kind of in a very bloody and like I was like screaming and could be the out of it and she was screaming and I was dying and then she had to run off and get my dad.
 I was just thinking it was pretty bad. But I did like reading it was a good time. Help me dropping these stupid things. Like he said he didn't last too long cuz I don't like about her and then she eventually let me know that she her dad is going to drop in Asia essentially. So that means to turn the family had to move kind of this is really worried me kind of cuz I was always be like so fragile and like losing a friend kind of craving learn the exchange phone numbers so we can chat when she moved it didn't really work. So I tried to call her and then I just couldn't get through. I guess Swedish SIM card.
 This was a bit before like the whole social media things that we couldn't really get in touch that way either. So we kind of lost contact for a while. We lost contact for a long time. I think about 5 years eventually she did contact me again. The best kind of Miami football is what the past what we doing currently and stuff like that. And there's one thing I did notice that definitely we both had changed quite a lot kind of would like she changed it on my head has you very much but at this point in time at it like this, we were very different people. We didn't have that much in common anymore. So eventually I'm just kind of died out then the fortunately we haven't really talked since then kinds of
 I guess that happens to people people grow and mature.
