Hi, I was remembering some things that happened in the past.
 Yes, some kind of stuff like it's much was a bad time moving from from school to school. So on my second year of high school. I move to a new school and then you no parking again with people that you don't know. No one knows who and you are the new guy. I never could truly. I kind of doubt cider calling and teachers they were very this old body style in old is El Torito trees when they need a school that they don't know how to pass the subject properly write something in the board and then that's all
 Aboriginal I was doing everything is cool just to test you know, but never liked it and he was younger than the other guys was more Dynamic. He was more light. So he made this very good by that takes things when he was teaching and explaining things better and making things interesting in history. So he's never best subject because I just had to memorize the names of all the things like that. I was starting to get used to it it to like it, but if you can't talk to me
 That's good. Yeah, I told you that you were very interested on the Lights Future and why you fail your what's happening. We talked a lot and he gave me some hints of how's the studying more than everything you do some motivational pop to go on. You know, I don't start to feel bad for myself. I had to pay for it.
 I started like crazy for the first time in my life cuz we really started reading the books and trying to understand.
 I was so nervous. So anxious that I had some panic attacks and say yeah, I can do that and call me down. I was to get some price of paper and write the answers on it. And if so, what kind of makes him cheating papers up my sleeves and I start to answer the test and taking the
 So Beauty, you know, I was wow, that's really awful. I'm betraying the trust of this guy on me. That's how I felt like the worst person on Earth and then heavy heavy feeling off. Wow. This is like they blow both of you you ever cheaper the milestone for me. I never do this anymore, but I will always love you.
