How was your weekend? I went to Norway to visit the friend. She's living in Tromso. Have you ever been there or heard tonight is small city of North the country pretty cold to do there, but he's doing his taxes. So just to get on, you know, some food and a beer it's been like 25 years. So the whole year but it's also getting dark. This is got dark all the time. And then he asked me if I ever tried this kind of super smelly fish thing I've ever heard.
Should be to smell his food.
 In the world. I mean, I think I saw some but I think you want to try it. I hate fish in general. So whatever even tuna I really don't stand it efficient to stay with wings bite. Okay? No, whatever.
 And you're not supposed to be this indoors cuz it's really smelly. So if you open this at your place your place going to smell like fish then of this kind of I don't know. I can't even explain in smelling of whatever so we have to go outdoors. I mean to park behind his place to prepare prepare Lobster psychologically cuz I hate fish cuz this thing is kind of raw anal fermented salt because is really responding and
 I started to think about my experience in Beijing trying Smiley coffee.
 Your try it worse, but he stayed home and don't worry sweetie Smiley, but it taste good or is everyone there? We just open it. And do you like the first going to wait smell like
 it's like a mixture of emotions like
 Yeah, you could seeing all these slices of raw fish.
 Swimming in this kind of watery yellow thing we were there so we have tried so I should open the cantaloupe more. So even worse mail came to me there was like
 And we have to try it. So I just you know the rest of this slice of fishy Glee thingy, you know, so he was literally crying you could see he was biting this I was not sure but I bet it's a bad so I should try it.
 So I have to you know too much but it's just remember I just gave us mold bite and I couldn't stand it. I just dropped the can everything but the smell was everywhere. So it's not like you can just drop the cans. So I have to taste in my mouth and then I looked at him and he was like getting Christ famous terrible. So yeah, I told him that you won the bet. It's okay. I was just remember from Norway.
