So, where were we before we were interrupted? Right? So my friends could spend the money for Elsa was a bit more out there as soon as I can spend of her 7 months to music kind of language.
Basically sex offender Kendall Hunter music I've ever felt my parents never let up the closest to convincing them was that when I was trying to transfer between a load to Middle School to like high school. They let me go to a carnival music oriented high school high school. She gave like math and science in my real courses in to the school and it was a very
I learned a lot when I was a very nice come in here my time while I was there, but will get to that this one and that course was cool classical music theory teacher and I know she really must have been like a demon in the shape of a human being kind of think. She was just really bad yells of the kids and she used to like around the classroom and stuff. I got it was. It would have to be mean I can meet some friends just like communities for the guy that just hating this one teachers.
Show me some friends there at the School of Business just through this teacher essentially and I'm in Austria one year. We had to give his very big presentation in this life. What so classical music theory course. Yeah, and so I think it was one presentation to the class because music theory and I was super nervous had to like being taxed as we should like scary enough to actually speak in front of a group of people.
Terrible this presentation Fritz live at ice in front of a mirror and stuff like that. And I finally gave his presentation kind.
 Well, I kind of liked my article presentation kind of she really likes it. No, why would you say this? Why you do this is entirely wrong kind of thing. And he really just like was very mean like mean about to like the feedback she gave us and I kind of really really impacted my self-esteem kind of because I'm a very afraid I was very fragile person. My self-esteem still at times that it was very difficult for me to handle that kind of negative feedback kind of business is not working. I can't deal with the teacher. I don't want to do anything like this before but
 easily Tangled
 so we couldn't really hear much about that the court system mandatory. So it's like she still be around kind of energy made people's life difficult. Anyway when they went to their claws, so we discussed possibly like just
 Cuz we had today was a normal high school also shared a couple of courses with music school. So they can transfer my education over to the normal high school kind of driving to do these music courses with her, which was okay. I have the solution guy just happy that I can so should technical school kind of high school, but you gave up about music to my event. She didn't go to college.
 The way things action didn't bump into one of the few like being in the band with psychics music school and they still hated the teacher by the way, cuz they lost two years, but we slept working a lot and talk about how things were and he said that he in the other guys about the band they play every casually now and then, and eventually we actually have the head like a small country concert for like friends and stuff. Like that was really cool. I really felt amazing.
