Everything good. How's your holiday? Be in a week and being sorry.
 around here
 No.
 Cuz I'm very interested. I would say I was sad I kind of enjoyed to being on my own that was kind of that was kind of very nice to me to make me seem older you repeat those made me very reclusive kind of this remains constant throughout most of my childhood actually.
 I did something change once I move to Sweden which I did but the thing is when I move to Sweden the edge of around 11 or 12, I was still very like I was even more country you and for the end of the line which kind of iron didn't really have any contact with anyone. I used to know from South Africa. So it took me awhile to meet new friends eventually one of the first friends I'm it was actually a girl's I thought it off in the middle and I'm in Lowe's Middle School kind of gun. She was is very different from the other day might look if she was very outgoing kind of very independent and very friendly.
 We spend a little time to go see what's the weather like going to need to go there any video games together and stuff and it was really cool to be able to hang around someone like that. I missed your call. I was actually this one thing we did was kind of lumber mill processing places where they kept all the plants before they made life Furniture is anything in there and steal some plans kind of the weekend together with the wheels on the sky and over trunk in the real spoilers on the back to me he could fall through them today. I don't know what you were thinking this next to my house. There was this kind of basketball to the hill essentially said it was just going to hell which you can type
 Jack and the other one day we could do the top of the hill nice acting the go-karts and then what will happen if she actually my friend actually he really push me very hard on the side of my body is really tore up my arm.
 And it's I was just screaming I was a mess, but I was screaming and crying and she was in the backyard working experience since Joy. I didn't think it was a good kind of stupid stuff. So that was some of the stuff that we could enjoy spending time with this go.
 I said he didn't last for that long. Unfortunately because after about I've been here for about six or seven months that point in time, she told me that she was moving away to she was going to move and this was a bit of a shock for me obviously because I just met this guy disappears.
 And yet kind of deal with that that was very difficult for me as a child.
 We did exchange phone numbers trying keep in touch before social media and kind of thing. We lost contact for a while time. She did get the kontakt 5 years later though via Facebook. So music suggestions like this guy movie Walter. We doing at the moment in life.
 I wish the branch arise that she changed quite all those other person I guess so it has been 5 years ago. So the conversation kind of very enthusiastic that time went on the kind of like to do now to mintwood the end it really like it was very short responses. And like he was very enthusiastic probably just kind of stuff and I haven't heard from her since then I guess that's part of growing up is anxious the people change in you separate relationships in as a revolving than two relationships are also evolving video song.
