What are you trying to find? How was your weekend? You have a perfect story about a story is about.
 You're interested.
 When I was young I used to enjoy being by myself let you know just kind of stay and play video games. I want to move to Sweden. I still was very introverted. But I met this one says nobody can recognize you as a girl and she was very outgoing kind of she was really funny. She was very independent guy, which is very different for me cuz I was like, this is very outgoing and cooling with friends kind of like
 I kind of thought it was one of the lumber processing know Terry's Lumber processing Mills where they make Sorrel the planks and stuff to make furniture kind of we used to live very first one of these so me and her was sneaking and kind of Steel time. We do this every time you build up his go-cart kind of said we would put on like an extra seat kind of we would have like a trunk that we put on and we have like spoilers to make if it falls through something other than what we were thinking. It was just kind of sloping asphalt to heal kind of
 That would you take a go-kart and it was a total this hill and then listen to the someone else was in the other one was actually in the beginning. It wasn't the best idea to put all the stuff on it didn't like it was pretty funny. What happened was like I thought so I can fly down this hill at the speed but I think it was kind of shifted and it starts about so I was like landing on the side of my body like going down the hill.
 It's really bad. I'm so what you have to do is lie, and I was just like sitting there screaming bloody mess kind of sushi and she was screaming so she had to run off and get my dad. Can he was working in the backyard if it wasn't fun, but it's kind of like I still enjoyed kind of the entire experience cuz like it's the stupid stuff you do as a kid that you remember for life right up to I was friends with this girl for a couple of months kind of but the thing was the doctor while I go to know that it is a shame because she told me that her family is moving to Asia kind of cuz your father is going to work kinds of the family had to move there and this was pretty great for me, cuz I was still very lonely person to sign up having moved. So when she didn't tell me to cycle pretty depressed. I mean we gave each other off phone number is kind of so we could like
 Try to keep in touch with that didn't really work kind of like we tried to call you. I tried to call her when she owe China. That was a shame. So I didn't hear from you for quite a long time. Actually eventually get in touch with me in 5 years later kind of it was about time you receive this Michigan touch with me again about the way she was kind of a joke with her about the pause and we talked for a while, but I guess that's what happens when you were a kid or somewhere is that you do change pretty quickly.
 Our conversations became discount shorter and shorter and attention. He's just kind of stopped responding to my texts, which is
 Same universe as like what you going to do about it.
 That was the story of another for my face when I'm in Sweden. I change the locks.
