How was your weekend was awesome. Yeah, I went to Norway to visit a friend. So, you know how your been there a way to be calling this. But I mean I'm always call it was really nice to this guy from Suzanne interesting cities kind of expensive. So now we just went out a couple of times to drink a beer you can afford it just you and I then see you don't have this thing with me. If I have ever tried these kind of fish is really smelly fish which is supposed to mean it smells food in the world in the name is something like some scrubbing or something like that earring for men to add salt which you know
Greatest smells disgusting of the Dead one who say but he told me that it actually tastes really good.
 So she's made a bad. Like if it were able to you know, if this thing I went to the supermarket, we got it, but you're not supposed to open that or eat that indoors because it's really smell so you are not encouraged to open that home or whatever. So we have to go Outdoors kind of small Forest behind his place there. And then we did the thing is I hate fish in general so doesn't have to be smelly to be discussing for me and I kind of like salmon but not a lot. So anyway, I just want to stand at the guy thing as fish verse would win.
 And as soon as we you know, I say open this can I was such this strong smell smell. It's really disgusting. I was
 Something's for a minute. I tried this smelly top of things and China which was already really weird. But this was man such a strong fishy smell something that could raining out. There was almost crying because of this mail. Now the worst bars, but the worst part that was that I have to wait to taste good. There's no way to Scotts as good as friends. I really have to, you know, like this with my nose and it started it. I was probably the most disgusting thing I ever tried in my life. So, you know Kenneth Jello thing in your mouth and wow, what the
 So then again, I just going to close my eyes I went for it, but I couldn't finish it at that point. It's like when you when you're eating and you just no way I can finish this was really nice story. I can tell I will stick some pictures of each other while you know, enjoying these or crying. Yeah great dish from Norway.
