How you doing today traveling?
 black air travel
 Long drivers don't want no it depends on whether we are landing hamburger. Not fun. Yeah, I had a similar experience but not lending good going away a couple of weeks ago. I had to go to Versailles for the holiday and I was looking at Ray and it used to take Lord takes long time to go by train. So I thought I might take off lights to normal expensive to run one of these last minute deals website. I found this really cheap flight. Is that good used? So I took that one too late in the evening can a fight almost like the last one of the day so but I reached the airport it was rainy and windy. So I thought well that might be place where I went to bed early a couple of hours early actually and where is there there was a huge huge Q4 chicken, apparently all the flights before ours were delayed because of the weather and there was a huge
 Chicken Cuban toast at the airport, which is way too many people at the airport and not normally that goes many people have this early I could barely manage to get to the boarding because of the check in the security is just too many people and their have systems to handle this many people at the gate at like 2 minutes or 5 minutes before the boarding closes. They allowed me in but do not very happy with it. And you know the how some of these guys don't have this bitch to plane. They have been go down and take the bus. I hate that. I hate taking the bus to the plains grumpy Dave's leg hurts getting into a vessel and then transporting somewhere else and I realize it is not a regular Prince take the small propeller one leg is really small ones with 60 people or something.
 And I hate those planes. I've had my worst experiences with propeller planes. I think they're not equipped to handle bad weather for starters and they just don't work that well when the weather is not ideal, but at that time it was way too late for me to say I don't want to travel. So I said, let's see what alcohol goes in these guys are really pushing Us in because they will cease and desist to down and we going to start soon and everything. I never been rude not not very pleasant the last 10 days in Austin received, but hey, we can play right now because well the traffic control say is the weather is bad for take off for something in the way around it for now and we don't know how long it would take at that point of time intervals why the heck was hurting us in at that point in time. Then you must have known this for some time given the other flights or satellite.
 Turns out to be where we are at the tarmac waiting for to take off for 1 hour. And this please stay don't even switch on the air conditioning or something in this plane. So you just sitting there with almost no. Stand up into the city small, please just a frustrating experience it even before the flight had to go off.
 Ultimately, they take off we have a date with me. We went to the runway to call the Duke of Earl of Sandwich. Shaky was not the most ideal one probably was too windy for them to handle satellite plane. We climb up to this the cruising altitude and like all what we do is we just losing a battle to remove a belt sanding people want to use that did we we can take off a seatbelt because it was turbulence all the time Glenside moving from left to right because it was too shaky to stop the use of laboratory there in Lost Color Lab atories after some time. So you still get a seed with a play in the shaking in my head. I'm thinking why the heck did I take this flight I could have spent a little more money and at least had this experience.
 Just one that was crossing my mind. It gets first flight school for to clean something the lights go off and it's lightning outside. So we have flashes of light coming in from outside clean out of a horror movie with getting a plane thousands of feet in the air and 70 no light in there is lightning outside and you start feeling like that. You know, when to Dublin's goes up the Twin Falls and Rises up and falls in love this tree falling theater. I feel like that and not just momentarily but for like 20 30 seconds, it's like it felt like 300 400 feet.
 And I have I have big issues with this have claustrophobia at the place is literally climbed up and not feeling well anyway, and now this happens and ends. It just keeps on going up and then falling release fast and then when I put it in for the movie fast at one point of time the oxygen masks drop at that time, I'm thinking I'm going to die. This is my last flight and is not going to go well and I don't know how to use this message. You never had this experience. So the guy next to me going to help me put this on and I can breathe again, but then next 15-20 minutes. We were just doing this to try to climb up the altitude and then fall again and then do this again.
 Terrible terrible Halloween experience that we had shaky playing even if I think about it at lifetime just just so scared about it after good 15-20 minutes. It's kind of stabilized probably be reaching our destination. So they started the light came on again. We took of a Mazda started to defend leaving the landing was bumpy. We jumped onto the black bump on the airport twice before it in Atlanta. I'm never going to fly again at least not in the night and I'm going to make sure it's not a small plane motor propeller one for sure. I'm never going to do that. I cancel my flight back because it probably would be the same plane that took the train took me twice the timer three times the time but at least I knew I was safe even now I think I would never take Life Flight out of this place and especially if it's a propeller plane the first thing I want to see what planet is what time is playing
 Before I can even think of how much price after pay for it. It was just an annoying annoying annoying experiencing scary one.
