That's how was your weekend about I hang out with you a bunch of good friends. So that was really good. Now, that's not bad. So you would you say that you're interested person.
Gymboree post nothing just at home a lot attendants play, LOL. Yeah. I enjoyed being on my own quite a lot which is nice kind of the age of like 11:12 or so, my friend that we get to be my family. My grandma is leaving with my grandparents and stuff. So that was like
Start school kind of fire started in the normal in a normal class cuz I speak English and they had to learn English. It was this one girl kind of and she was very nice. She was very independent. During which is very different from me cuz I was very reserved reserved. Can you speak English without being together and play video games and garlic and can we bring one with Mischief? Thanks for furniture kind of so they have these big yards.
I would like to text the back by the way. Spenders inside of a tomato soup mix to my house kinda it take to go to the top of this random song was dinner. We just wrote it down the hill just about because they actually the thing with this thing was it was a bit dangerous.
Super hot. So I was like I would like it would fit my legs are still inside of it. So I had to like brace with the right side of my body. And what happened was I kind of lens on the asphalt the next season for like a couple of each kind of like a bloody that my arm have really scraped off a very large skin. It was pretty bad. Like I was just on the ground crying and eickhoff like comatose from the bay the night. She was just screaming she had to run off and get my dad was working in the yard. Okay. Yeah, it was pretty painful but that comes with a stupid thing to do.
You also that wasn't one of those experiences. It's like I've known you for a couple of months now and we spend time together, but it was weird because it was essentially which was really bad because I just found this new friends and then we will spend a lot of time together and then like just like none movies. Like I was like, I was a bit stressed out and depressed by this, cuz my first real friend was moving times that was really can't keep in touch cuz it was a bit before like social media and stuff. So we swapped self and I'm just trying to keep in touch like I called her while she couldn't get in touch with her. Dad is going to be kind of
Turn key switch SIM cards at work. So well in China so we couldn't get in touch with each other again. So we kind of dropped out of contact for a while which was it was a shame. I recovered eventually, but I kind of said that you guys didn't exchange address. She so yeah because the thing is that he is just not like it was like 5 years or 5 years.
She changed quite a lot since I've written for who they are and I changed we're very different ways people get out towards the end was like we become very different people time that I was more interested in the Stalls and she was kind of busy with other stuff. I guess who's been experiencing?
