Play with the flu in trapped is Emily assimilation point in time into music actually in the band about that.
and I kind of like my parents like that was instruments kinds of Christina leaves videos of people like playing instruments in so I have to pick her up and I didn't 3d full free canvas to a
 so this was it when I was transitioning into High School kind kind of send me to one of these kind of special schools that have big music like Cricket on the time or something that Max and like the chemistry and stuff so I can still go to proper education while doing this kind of stuff is them to do it and I went to the school I'd say it was a very good school kind of enjoyed myself enjoyed meant to say one thing I didn't like is one course music theory.
 I read about this just bring it over. She was like a demon in the shape of the human kind of abusive everything they do they were hating this one particular huge.
 I continued for about 1 year into the school today. And then we were supposed to this presentation High School Musical ear in this is a mandatory course final exam for the teacher and I was terrified of doing the presentation ideas.
 And all sides can fit in front of this t-shirt kind of food, like my nightmare kind of turned into a real person slides prepared to talk tonight into my presentation was wrong. This is also why did you say this was just not right? And like I said, it was a really hot blow my confidence because I was at the sheet I would strip into something. I've done made me feel really bad kind of like I told him I look this is what happened. I'm really unhappy about this as my parents. Can we talk to the school about that? And then I was told the teacher and school.
 Sometimes it's really get rid of her kind by the scores is mandatory and I just really didn't want to go to the schools with this person. So we talked a bit then we came to the conclusion of normal high school kind of hydraulic hoses shed with this music. I can transfer over to this normal high school kind of phone. Do I get to avoid this person? Cuz like I didn't check out time for me to have to deal with that look up people in positions of it like this kind of teaching positions essential series like when you any criticism from them,
 Did my school like curriculum in this High School kind of engine? It was a shame. I had to leave so I was ashamed to self find me time, but you have supported parents that we see the transfer of thermal Technical School.
 I did eventually you graduate from high school. I went to college it number to take the cool thing as the other people are going to what's the climate of one of them together for like a drink and I kind of like the house being condemned for them and how much they have some kind of pistol ban. There was a playing with each other, So yeah, we practice in between each other.
 And then after a couple of months inside eventually have like we just had play religious group of friends kind of 3 liberating a really cool accounts payable to let go and kind of enjoying some relief on the clown clouds Colin Kaepernick auto check with him now to the status.
